Major League Basketball game with players from Pittsburgh Pirates going through the home
A cat plays with its paws on a computer mouse on a desk.
Flock of birds starting from water near long pier at open sea.
Black and white photo of an officer offering a sit down item
A bowl of vegetable broth , with fries and a bottle of water to the side .
The man dressed in black rides on a snowboard in the icy area.
A group of zebras moves in a dense green field.
Three women play a video game in front of spectators.
A bed with two pillows and a woman's legs with shoes on the bed.
man in suit takes picture in office
A man riding a wave on a surfboard in the ocean.
a very nice looking motorcycle is parked next to a car in a parking lot
A living room with a couch , armchair , TV and an oriental carpet .
a young man wearing a black shirt and blue tie in front of a forest .
A little giraffe
A bathroom has patterned walls, a urinal and a toilet.
During nighttime, a car is stopped at a red light in an Asian city.
a plate that has a half peanut butter and jelly bun and a small animal stuffed with lamb .
A bird has perched on a banana tree with many leaves.
a line of cyclists weave their way through the narrow street , through buildings and pedestrians .
a statue of a woman putting something in a toilet .
A man in a suit with a hat rides a bicycle.
a city bus driving down a street surrounded by tall buildings .
A giraffe looks over to his left while in a grassy field.
A group of young women grinding side by side holding tennis rackets.
a man on a tennis court about to stroke on a tennis ball
A skier soars through the air as a crowd looks on.
several wine glasses have just a little wine in each of them.
a very small bathroom has toilets and everything fits together
A man and a boy are kiting at the stand.
an open laptop on a desk , along with papers , books and electronics .
A view of a city street with several double decker buses parked along the side as cars drive by.
Three men on skis fly over blue water.
a pizza on a table with a bowl of grapes and drinks.
People , with and without skipping , balablabla
a man standing in a room next to a man with his arm raised.
Man in purple top and jeans standing in front of four cows in forage pen.
a picture of a bird perched on the back of a chair outside.
bear holds british flag in trailer
A closeup of a train on a railroad track.
a man with a hat standing next to a "No Smoking" sign
A laptop computer sits on a computer desk next to a keyboard.
Photo taken from vehicle on mountain narrow mountain pass looking very dangerous with high steep descent.
Two people seated on the back of an elephant.
a man grabbed a bunch of bananas from a large display of shipping containers
A monster truck flies through the air as part of a show.
two screens and keyboards side by side on a desk.
There is an there if cars that are hulled in the park cart. (???? WTF?)
A large fruit bowl containing pomegranate, kiwi, lemon, lime and cantaloupe.
an airplane glides through the air , close to the ground .
A tennis player stares at the ball with his racquet pulled back.
a cat standing near a bird in the meadow
Some people play a game with controllers.
A cat is sitting on the table, on papers in front of a computer.
A man and a woman are skiing
a person in a ski suit posing under a sign giving instructions
a closeup of two panniers with a broken wheel
a stuffed animal holding a Nintendo Wii controller with a sign that reads 'Everyone for Tennis
A couple of zebras are standing in a dusty field.
the young baby laying on his stomach next to the book on the bed.
one swam in the middle of the water as car pass over the bridge.
a table with plates and dishes with a variety of food and a baby bottle.
A bed sitting against a gray wall next to a window.
A group of pedestrians walk past a subway train in a subway station.
a snowboarder lands on the slope and is about to fall forward .
a little bird sits on a branch of a green plant.
A blue chair sitting in a snow covered garden covered with snow.
plates with food and cups next to a plastic tub
a group of soldiers cut down a giant cake at a ceremony.
A battered blue bullet train with a man standing on the outside.
A man is sitting on a couch next to another man.
a brown and a white horse are standing in the middle of the grass.
A person prepares broccoli on a stove in the kitchen.
a table with plates of breakfast food and drinks on it.
a large clock tower with smoke pouring out of the top .
a plane has just taken off and is flying through the sunshine .
A bird sticks its head through leaves on the water surface.
an office desk with a monitor and a keyboard in the room.
a bed with sheets and pillows is near a window through which the sun shines.
A line of cars is waiting for pedestrians who are in the process of crossing the street while the traffic lights are green, on a busy city street.
a small room that is being renovated .
a large pepperoni pizza and a beer are seen here.
a little girl sitting on a bench next to another little girl
a bicycle parked on the side of a road with a trunk on the back.
The man is skateboarding around the cones
A Safeway delivery truck drives in front of another truck.
a tennis player poses for a picture in a black and white image.
An old Mediterranean yellow mosaic tiled bathroom with ornate hanging lamp
Three giraffes walk together through a field with trees behind them.
Green-black cloth tied to a man on the water.
a skier poses for a shot on the nighttime slopes
A quarter full glass of wine on a table.
a group of friends , two girls and a guy , looking at a wiimote .
A crowd of people with umbrellas walk on a sidewalk on a rainy day
a cow standing in the middle of a fence-bound meadow
The tennis player runs to catch the ball with his racquet
A traffic light in the city center.
A traffic light and road signs near a building through which many cars and pedestrians pass.
The woman always has her tennis racket ready to hit .
A cute little brown teddy bear is sitting on a rock next to a bush.
A young man with a green hat takes a selfie of himself in the public restroom.
a man skateboards down a ramp while wearing a helmet .
a table with plates holding a sandwich and wine glasses beside it
a couple of guys are hanging out with a cat and surfing the internet.
A large pizza on a table looking ready to be eaten.
a pair of men doing tricks on skateboards at railroad tracks .
The woman is waiting to get her suitcases out of the car.
A giant sandwich with mixed vegetables and turkey.
A man out in the ocean on a surfboard with a sail.
A bus frame sits on a gravel lot with dogs in the background.
A lot of snow on the ground and a parking meter sticking out of it.
Soup , a sandwich , a pickle and some chips are all on the plate .
a walkway between rows of pews in a large church.
A partially eaten pizza with wine and a fork on the table.
a man wearing a red shirt is playing a tennis match
A boy runs up a hill holding a kite in the air.
a pole with many flags from the side.
A man on the beach flies a kite over the sea.
People sit at the table and look at their plates.
A cat standing on its hind legs reaches for a picture of a speed skater on TV.
a bunch of buildings grouped together and one has a clock built into the side
Horses run while their faces are close together.
A market with a full stall of yellow and green bananas and a few hanging above.
The couple is sitting on the bench on the sidewalk by the water.
a young man with short , spiked - up hair and a towel shaves over his shoulder feelings as a man stands behind him in a white hat adjusts a tie .
A motorcycle on display with many people walking by in the background.
A dark room with a large window and no curtain, an easel and various furniture.
a man's watch displayed on a sheet on a wooden surface
a pizza and a bowl of vegetables on a table near a toaster.
A large bell tower at the end of a street next to tall buildings.
A group of people with wine pose for a photo at a table.
An Angry Birds birthday cake on a wooden table
A building has two Mercedes Benz cars parked next to it and a man in a tie and coat suit walks away from the car area.
the man and the woman are posing with their skis.
a man on a skateboard in a distorted image.
Two people stand in front of the refrigerator and talk about what's in it.
Police officer bends down to wrap his arms around a man who has fallen off his motorbike in the middle of a busy street.
A large angled snapshot of a house showing a living room , dining room and kitchen .
a sign in the grass directing people to Tapton Dorm.
Travelers gathered around a carousel in baggage claim at an airport.
a man is on his knees in agony in front of a laptop.
A bus drives down the street into a town with very small buildings.
A man stands near four garbage trucks in a quarry at night.
a baseball player stands at home plate with his bat in a Yankees jersey.
Exterior of a city with the beach and kites flying in the sky.
A closeup of a cat sitting on a couch in the living room.
a street filled with cars alongside a line up of streetlights.
Could not translate
A guy catches a frisbee while another looks after him during a frisbee tournament under a cloudy sky.
Black and white photo of a street with cars and motorbikes driving on the street.
a young black child sits on a floor in front of a television .
A young man with a firsbee is standing with a group of young people in a field.
A woman in a long black dress and a large black hat walks next to a child with a hat walking down the sidewalk of an avenue.
a bird sits on a post near a boat dock with large ships in the background .
a group of surfers rides the wave at the ocean.
A United Airlines plane flies high in a cloudless sky .
A small blue truck parked in a lot in front of the home depot.
Street signs show directions and the names of streets in front of tall buildings.
A teddy bear sits on the floor and looks into the camera.
a group of 5 police motorcycles stand in a line
a subway car stops at a station, its doors open.
Guy in shorts and a cap rides his skateboard on a wall
a man holds a microphone on a street corner of a women for filming
a snowboarder is about to jump off a pile of snow.
Three doves pick up breadcrumbs from the sidewalk.
A person on a field flies a large kite while others look on
a closeup of a traffic light with a building in the background
A young man in action on a skateboard in the park.
a man pulling two cows by ropes with a crowd of people gathered .
a double-decker bus with large advertising is parked near a footpath.
A bench next to a tree with trees in the background
a Frisbee is thrown high in the air over a sandy beach.
a man flipped in the air with a snowboard over a snowy mountain
A post with a slot machine on it.
An interior living area with sofa, table and bookcase.
The sandwich is on the table, cut in half, next to slices of pickles.
a man in sunglasses and a green shirt is eating a sandwich outside
The three giraffes are headed away from the camera.
A man holding a bat is watched by a crowd of people.
Children play baseball in a stadium at night as onlookers watch the game.
The floor is littered with bags of stuff while chairs are almost empty.
a young man sitting on a bench in the middle of a lush green field .
a desk with a keyboard, speakers and a monitor with a car on the desktop.
A flooded park bench and light pole behind a stand of trees
a girl with a toy and sits on a bed next to a doll
a picture of a young man smiling while sitting in front of a glass of wine .
a big pot with a tree and purple flowers inside
A couple of sheep, one looking down and the other to the right.
A man standing on water skis is being pulled by a boat.
a lamp with a street sign on its side.
two women staning very close looking at the screens of their phones.
a dog running in the snow with a frisbee in its mouth
a boat is in a river with a cityscape in the background.
a coffee shop with chairs and tables outside the shop.
A girl strokes a little pony on a wooden wall.
a row of biscuits before a row of sandwiches
A man in a suit leans against the ledge next to the water.
A man sits in a window seat next to a large clock tower.
a giraffe twists its head to eat some foliage on a perch in an enclosure
a dog is sitting on the steps in front of a red carpet
A skier turns and faces other people standing in the background.
a piece of strawberry shortcake on a white plate with a fork
A group of people wear white clothes and play tennis.
A table with a telephone, computer, laptop, mobile phone and a bottle on it.
a person with a Pizza Hut recipe and a fan of Pizza and Pepsi
there is a small laptop with a keyboard in front of it.
People ride in the carriages of an old passenger train.
A box full of donuts with strudel and a few with cream cheese.
a full refrigerator is stocked with lettuce, lemons, and other vegetables and groceries
A man on a pair of skis down a snowy hill.
A white dog lies in the middle of a suitcase on a wooden floor.
a cow walks in the street with the people
a person with a food card ran in with a beard owned by a man .
A woman under an umbrella, reaching out her hand to catch raindrops.
Sausage , macaroni and cheese , and pizza sits on a wooden table .
A truck driver on the street next to other trucks and cars
a few men ride motorcycles with other men on their shoulders.
young child holding a bat looks through a chain link fence .
A young woman balances on a surfboard as a man swims carrying his board through the water behind her .
A train inside a train station next to a platform.
A dog is lying on the grass with a toy in its mouth.
Black and white photo of a man sitting on a toilet.
a white bench has shadows on it and is next to a door.
A group of people are riding skis across a snowy ground.
a closeup of three vultures in a meadow of tall grain
a dish on a white plate containing broccoli, mushrooms and meat.
A girl wears a hat and eats a donut hanging from a thread.
an old camper is parked in a corner with lots of cupcakes on the roof
a mother elephant and her baby walk across the dirt with trees behind them .
a flock of ducks sitting on a dirt floor.
A man prepares to hit a tennis ball over the net.
a man stands next to a bay horse next to another man.
a large brown cow stand next to a small pug on the side of a hill.
a closeup of a person laying on the floor near a bed
a girl standing in front of a net and kicking a ball.
A young boy is holding a stuffed animal on a bed and a girl is standing on the headboard.
a photo of a laptop on a bed with a tv in the background.
The carrots are on the stove next to a tray of celery and carrot sticks.
there is an image collage of a stop sign and a Starbucks sign
a street corner with a person sitting next to a sign that says look right
Could not translate
A desk with a laptop, art supplies, a notebook and pen on it.
A closeup of a keyboard and mouse on the table.
A man rides a skateboard up the side of a ramp.
the vehicle is parked on the side of the road by the fence with the animals.
a closeup of a small plane on a take off
A man sits on top of a large white airplane parked in a parking lot.
four photos of a lady in different poses with a tennis racket.
two adults and one child on bicycles on the hard shoulder
some people are sitting on a bench in front of a body of water
a red dump truck with a shovel on the front passing a police car
a three-tiered white cake on a silver tray with white roses on it alongside a bouquet of flowers.
The giraffes explore the man-made path lined with stones.
A pair of men look at the camera while one holds a mobile phone.
A tennis player is about to hit a ball that crossed the net with a racquet.
a toilet in a bathroom with a box of tissues in the back.
There are two zebras in the wild eating grass.
a lone vehicle at a traffic light in the middle of the night .
Glass vases with flowers and water are on a granite table.
a person in a blue t - shirt riding a surfboard in the sea .
A female surfer carries her white surfboard out to sea.
?
Woman holds the reins of a horse in front of an audience.
A wild animal stands next to a stop sign on a paved path.
a white slatted bench bolted to the tiled sidewalk , with the bench 's center seat slats spirally coiled to one end , with brick street and apartment buildings in the background .
An abundance of sliced carrots in a pot of water with a wooden spoon.
Some people play with a disc in a grassy area.
an adult and a baby elephant run away into a forest
a truck with two objects sitting on it's flatbed.
an airplane being washed on the runway while another is standing some distance away.
A wooden railing covered with snowboards on a snowy mountain. .
van is stopped on the road by a brake light and working repairs.
A few people and a white clock tower with a black and white clock.
View of part of the wall of the kitchen, showing the refrigerator, range, microwave, cabinets and counters.
a herd of zebras stands on a strip of land between two rivers
a person has his hand back with a racquet and his feet spread apart.
A group of men in white and red at a baseball game.
A child tries to eat a large slice of pizza.
a brown and pink Hello Kitty bag is emptied, holding a green wallet, cellphone, keys, money, medicine and makeup.
a man in a suit is standing in front of the subway that has opened the door.
A little boy using a shovel to clear a path in the snow.
People stand behind a broken down bus while one spectator takes photos and another inspects a rear tire.
a man in a lush green hill running alongside wild birds.
A little boy is sitting on a piece of luggage in a terminal.
An elephant is led along the pedestrian zone while cattle graze by a large castle.
Two people on motorbikes are driving on the highway in the mountains.
Bird mother sits on a tree and feeds her two babies.
a teenager with blue and gray hair wears a white and blue shirt with a red tie .
a young girl holding a bat next to a fire hydrant.
A person with a computer hooked up to a television set.
A young man in black jersey is sitting on the field with a soccer ball.
a stop sign on a post is in front of a building
Two jets fly in formation against a white background.
A head of cabbage and carrots on a cutting board.
a red-headed guy makes the peace sign while posing next to an elephant sculpture.
a group of men try to push a large truck up the street
an orange bathroom with a white toilet sits below a window.
a room that has a shower and a toilet in it
Dumplings are in a bowl and various food dishes are on a table next to smaller sauce bowls.
a large 747 jumbo jet plane taxiing on the runway with another jet behind it.
Two plywood tables with assorted fruits including berries and peaches.
An open book is on a bed next to a pillow
a woman with a top is sitting on a horse
A rusty red and white boat on the grass by a fence.
Individuals are appreciated here and have a lot of fun
a stop sign with a one way directional sign marks a cut.
A person sits in a chair with a laptop and other computers in the background.
A boat is docked at the side of the river while a boy wearing a hat and suspenders sits on the bridge beside it.
A fridge with some magnets on the side.
Plants are placed on a breakfast table on which food is served for one person.
The side of a large elephant among the trees and bushes.
Zebras in a field with green grad and trees in the background.
A small black and white dog is sitting on a yellow armchair
an airplane on the tarmac with airport trucks behind
One person takes a photo of two people with their smartphone.
A street and traffic sign lies on top of a container stack.
A wide open grocery store , with bananas hanging from the ceiling , has a dog and two people standing in front of it , and many boxes of produce .
a woman standing in the grass with a soccer ball .
People sit in a room with laptops and note books with people's names on them.
a couple of people with umbrellas are walking down a city street
Old pictures of a baseball bat looking out onto the field.
a toothbrush that has the words mystery toothbrush on it is in a sink.
The baseball player is in the middle of batting on a hill.
Seating and waiting area with small tables and bananas on each table.
A pair of glasses lies on the desk next to a mobile phone and a laptop.
A man walks through a park holding a white frisbee disc.
A cat sits in a bathroom sink surrounded by toothpaste and bowls.
A kitchen with a pantry and an oven in it.
A counter crammed with many items includes a tea kettle , saucepan , food scale and more .
a woman on skis holds ski poles on a snow-covered area in front of a parking lot
A group of four is standing at the tennis net, a man is wearing a costume.
Three pancakes with butter on a yellow oval plate.
a man in a bar sitting next to an alcohol bottle with a cellphone.
a person standing on a subway platform as the car passes them
a cow is standing in something next to a building
a little league game with a batter prepared, its the ball.
A horse and someone else pull a sleigh a day.
a woman in a black and white shirt is playing tennis
an overhead view of a man cutting a piece of cake with a few other items on the table.
a drawing of a baseball player is placed over an image of a bat.
two giraffes one looks up while the other bends down to eat
A red scooter parked on the sand with a sunset in the background.
a bear looks from behind the trunk of a birch
large red umbrella is in front of the windows of a building.
A lego scene of a city with a police car and other vehicles and characters.
a boy in a blue shirt sitting on the top of a fridge
a bearded man with long hair and glasses eating a sandwich
A guy in a motorcycle helmet is standing behind a motorcycle.
a makeup bag, scarf, hairbrush, lighter, a wallet with money and other items spread out on a rug.
Household bathroom with colorful art on tile and similar shower curtain.
a stop sign under a traffic light in front of a large building
two people standing at a table and holding a knife near a cake .
A photo of a man with a skate board on a tree.
a soccer player falling to the ground as more falls over him
A crowded intersection of motorcycles, cars and a golf cart vehicle.
open farmers market with different kinds of vegetables in it.
plants and flowers in a vase on the table
a double-decker bus stands out against a black and white background.
a woman holding an umbrella around a group of people .
A computer monitor and laptop display screen files in an office.
The corner of the table with a cell phone and cord , two remote controls , contact lens case and a coaster with glass .
the full view of a bathroom with lots to see .
A man in a blue shirt and shorts is playing tennis.
a person is on a jet ski over a blue surface .
A little boy in a red and red baseball cap is biting into a hot dog.
A view of a lot of luggage on the sidewalk at the airport.
A chrome kitchen unit with a matching microwave above it.
The store stocks many types , sizes and colors of teddy bears .
a wooden platform has some folded sheets and bedding on it.
An image of a wet parking lot and traffic lights at night.
A woman falling off a surfboard while riding a wave.
The dish on the plate on the table is ready to be eaten.
A few fruits like strawberries are lying next to a container of milk.
a wrap and a salet are arranged on a white plate.
a room with two beds, two lamps, two pictures and a phone in it.
Oranges are brought to a boil in a metal container.
a window looking out on a forest , with plants and knick knacks on the window .
an exterior view with a double height train on the left , a few bikes parked in the middle and a bus on the right .
A picture of a bathroom with a shower bath and a white toilet.
Birds resting on water surrounded by trees.
a man on a snowboard down a snowy slope.
Major league basketball players practice their throws between the lines on the field.
A cave with large windows, chairs, a couch, a table and a TV.
A group of cars passing under a street sign and a traffic light.
several boats on the water and a large building in the background.
a path in the center of which is a cushion on which a clock is placed .
A view of a modern living space while decorated for Christmas.
a surfer flying through the air jumping into a wave pool .
a young man catches a wave on a blue surfboard.
A table with a stainless steel bowl full of salad and a pan of asparagus.
a street sign indicating a one way street under a blue sky .
the road has many signs written in two different languages .
A shelf of loaves of bread in the corner of a room.
A man on a horse lands on his back at an obstacle.
an elephant is being examined by two people next to a road .
a group of people stand on a lush green field and fly kites.
A woman in a white tennis outfit hands out a tennis ball.
Horses graze in the pasture, with snow-capped mountains in the background.
A large bus and other traffic on a crowded urban street.
a person walking across the street while wearing a banana costume on their head.
a yellow fire hydrant in the middle of a parking lot
A bus terminal with several parked buses and many people walking in front of them.
A giraffe is standing next to a tree as are the other giraffes and are walking behind them.
A boy and a girl watch as another child jumps on a skateboard.
Group of horses grazed in the grass beside a stream
What appears to be a faint peak shows other mountains, trees and lowlands behind, and in the foreground, a young woman is wearing a black and white outfit listening to a cell phone.
in a fenced area you can see the head of a giraffe
Double-decker party bus sits in a parking lot.
Mother and baby giraffe in the tree-lined area of a zoo.
A woman laying on the bed in her underwear looking at a black and white cat.
Dog on a leash trying to get cake from a park chute table from the other man
boy sits on the yellow fire hydrant in the street
A crowd of people sit around wooden tables near a fountain.
a person riding a motorcycle with another person sitting in a sidecar at a racetrack.
A boy is playing tennis with his arm outstretched and his racket complete.
Man with two parrots on his finger and one parrot on his shoulder.
a man rides a skateboard through across a sidewalk
a small child with open eyes eating a banana .
a silver freight train travels down the track on a somewhat foggy day
a beautiful young woman lying on her stomach in front of a laptop.
The teddy bear is wearing the pink outfit laying on the bed next to a book
A variety of stuffed animals are seated in the glass case.
a train runs on the rails in front of the mountains
A tennis player with a cap holds a racquet.
an orange tree laden with ripe fruit in front of a house.
An oven with pizza inside and blocks next to it.
A city street at night with a lit up KFC sign.
A man preparing food on a counter in a kitchen.
a group of people with ski equipment is standing on a snowy ski slope
A bed with a lamp, a cat and a chair next to it
A hot dog sits on a Styrofoam board next to a blob of ketchup
a bus on a wet street at night
A stop sign in multiple languages at the entrance to a car park
a toilet seat with many buttons and functions attached.
A man rides a wave on his surfboard and holds his arms up for balance
Three dogs on a couch by a window, with a pumpkin in the front.
a bus parked at the side of a street in the city .
A Canadian baggage cart and handler unloads cargo hold from an aircraft.
a cucumber, cheese, mustard, ketchup, and mayonnaise sandwich on a plate with a fork.
Locomotive train moving through landscape with wires above
a bed with a laptop computer, a dog and some clothes on it.
A closeup of a hot dog with chili in an open container
a kitchen is decorated in earthy tones and palely lit
A standard size bed is easily made and placed next to a window.
a pizza in a pizza box cut into eight slices .
a poodle looks at a giraffe through a lattice fence in a zoo.
a zebra eat grass grass of green trees and bushes
A person with several open bags and suitcases on the floor.
a squadron of fighter jets fly in formation in the blue sky .
A few people race down the side of a snow covered track.
Some giraffes behind a fence near a building.
A train on the track drives through a landscape.
a passenger jet flies in the sky on a clear blue day.
A man holding a phone seated at a table with pizza and wine.
many black and white cows in a barn crane their necks through a trellis to eat.
There are many young men sitting together in a room.
Three people ride horses on a beach near the water.
A man is holding a large wooden spatula with bread on it.
a boy swings a tennis racket over his head on a tennis court , with palm trees in the background .
A male hiker stands in the middle of a road with an umbrella.
A man standing on a tennis court with a tennis racket.
A jumbo jet airliner in flight with landing gear down.
Two adult zebras and a zebra cub are standing in a field next to a wooden pole.
A few benches stand in the train station at night.
a baby in blooming plants eating a chocolate cake with her hands.
A trio of women walk with umbrellas in hand
is a shade plant that is on the wall from the sun
A woman in a light blue shirt and dark blue pants is holding a tennis racket.
two teddy bears are sitting on the shore and some water and boats
a couple sitting on a bed with matching shirts and jeans .
A cat is sitting on a chair under a wooden table.
A pink cellphone in front of a mirror and toy cow.
a woman with a tennis racket standing on a court.
a cat laying near a row of strung flowers in vases.
an edited photograph of traffic on a main street in a small town.
A man rides a bicycle through an intersection with a 'skating allowed' symbol.
Two giraffes are near a brown brick building while the city view is in the background.
In a skate park, a person jumps on a skateboard.
A diamond shaped sign stands in the middle of the road as cars drive on the side.
A woman in the action pose during a Wii game.
a horse getting close to the camera, in a black and white photo.
a man with a straw hat and a cellphone to his ear.
A bus shaped like a boat travels on a road.
Large toilets become works of art on pedestals after careful processing.
A man with a backpack getting on a green and white tour bus.
A person in a red tie and a badge , hands in pockets .
A large house with a large clock on the front .
A living room with purple sofas and Halloween decorations .
A man and woman cut the cake at their wedding
A man home plate with a baseball bat to hit a ball with .
a man rides a horse next to a woman in a forest.
A bike parked in a room next to a table.
a baseball player tries his swing on the field.
A group of men play baseball on a field
A woman on the back of a motorcycle driven by a man.
A living room with a couch, TV, a table and a wooden floor.
A sandwich on a plate with a can of soda and a glass of soda with someone's hands.
a dog, lying on a bed, stares out of the room through a window.
A cat's tie has a ladybug image on it.
a close up of a train on a railroad track spritha sky background
A large bear stands on a pedestal in the midst of trees.
a kitchen with a fridge-freezer sits next to a counter.
A platter of meat and broccoli is pictured.
A man holding a burrito and eating the burrito.
A car on a city street with street lights at night.
The woman standing on the beach is holding a polka dot umbrella.
a stuffed bear in a costume sits on a counter
a train , lingering on the tracks , with a plume of smoke , coming out of the roof .
A young girl sits on a bed next to a wooden panel.
A cat looks out of the window at a bird in the snow.
A woman in a bow tie uniform, with a light shining behind her.
Pizza with toppings served on a tray sitting on a table.
A bird holds a piece of an orange while perched on a branch.
a table full of lots of sweet treats in a cup and on a tray.
Carrots , blueberries , apples , pears , chilies and cucumbers in a pile .
A high-speed train is parked at the platform at the railway station.
A white and black street sign warning that there is no exit between midnight and 7am.
We see a person walking down a steep ski slope.
Benches under an umbrella sit under palm trees on the water across from a large city.
a man leans on the front door of a tour bus in the sun
A herd of wild animals is in the savanna at a waterhole.
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
a double-decker bus that sits on aa brick street.
the locomotive slows as it passes a transition with the lights on.
a young boy with his glove in hand is ready for the catch .
A man in a kilt with bagpipes leans against the windowsill and talks on his cell phone.
a young man riding a skateboard in the middle of the street .
a batter ready to hit the ball in front of a catcher and an umpire during play.
the rear end of a red railway train on rails
a made up bed with a lamp , a window and a picture next to it .
A vase of dried flowers sits in front of a fireplace.
A suitcase full of clothes, a brush and a book.
an old red coke cola machine on the side of a building.
a man with an orange kite on a grass covered field.
A person walks in the snow and grass, carrying skis and poles.
The clock on the building is visible above the trees.
a woman on a bridge sees a truck driving across the river.
a man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean .
an orange dessert with a green garnish on top of it and powdery orange sub are on top.
Cattle stand outside a cafe serving breakfast and lunch
a closeup of a giraffe on the dirty ground near a bush.
a dog sits on a skateboard with green wheels.
A boy bats at a ball during a baseball game
A cake with chocolate and marshmallows and syrup
A man in his underwear and a pained expression , clutches his lower section while holding a pair of scissors aloft .
a white bus parked near a bunch of red , orange and white parked buses .
a group of people who are standing in front of a blackboard.
seen from below, a polar bear in a glass bottom pool
A person performs a trick on a skateboard at a skate park.
a two-level bus with an open section that has people seated in it.
All the hard work that goes into the garden bears fruit.
skatbordfahrer is senr skilfully does tricks with the hat
A snow skier and a snowboarder with a bulletin board.
A black and white photograph of a man sleeping in a brick bedroom .
an elephant, spraying water on its back, in a dusty area next to a tree.
a woman is sitting under a colorful umbrella on the beach.
a woman mixes ingredients in a large saucepan on the stove.
A person on a motorcycle rides on a bridge over a body of water.
a bathroom with a sink, toilet and bath
A little curled up tomcat apparently sleeping on a table.
a horse with blinkers is tied to a parking lot
a platter of salad , chips and large white bread sandwiches with meat .
A desk with a laptop and a cup of coffee sits next to a decorated wall.
a man in a black t-shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard.
Two giraffes standing on all fours side by side with grass , bushes and trees around them .
A cow, with her head held firmly by someone, is fixed to a strap.
a small three piece bathroom with sink , toilet and bath / shower .
A man is holding a Wii Remote in his right hand.
a book bag with a bottle in it next to a suitcase.
It's always fun to have a good friend with you for the ride.
five kites fly through the air on a partly cloudy day.
A woman holds an umbrella while standing on a rain-covered street.
a woman sitting in front of a cake holds her hands
A meatball is laid out on a white plate, next to a can of Coke.
a table with delicious snacks sits on a table ready to eat.
the front view of an American fighter plane that has two propellers and two front guns.
A crowd watches as a young teenager takes his first ride on a skateboard and falls.
A woman rides a motorcycle with a child
A red and white fire hydrant stands opposite on the corner of a large Victorian building.
a train is on the tracks in a forest with various people in front of it.
A blue fire hydrant on a sidewalk in an urban setting.
A woman is sitting on the bed while a dog is on the bed and the cat is on the chair.
a squat toilet next to a water tank in a lavatory.
a silver and red train descends on rails beside a lush green meadow
a garden of various plants with wire cones to guide their growth.
Parking meters lined up along the lighted street.
A green fire hydrant next to a green Butts can.
a brown calf with a bruise in its ear and other cattle behind
A boat in the middle of the river and a much smaller boat further back.
A blue vase , a colorful vase and another unique blue vase displayed on a table .
a small child points to a lady with his hands behind the .
A man and a child ride on the back of an elephant.
A giraffe stands in the tall grass between the trees in the wild.
a bus drives down a snowy street near the Days Inn and Suites .
a bird is sitting on an orange chair, looking out to the right
A man on a skateboard riding up a ramp next to a camera.
Close-up of a parking meter on the curb of a city street.
A building with a clock on the front and side next to the water and other buildings.
A brown teddy bear is sitting on top of a blue sofa.
a white couch faces dark armchairs in the living room
a stuffed animal dog and his beloved owner in an animal costume
Two one way signs on a power pole pointing in opposite directions.
a delivery truck unloads its luggage under a blue airplane-studded sky
the old man rides the cart behind the big brown horse in the dirt road.
a white sink sitting next to a bathtub in a bathroom .
Two men standing side by side in a living room.
People with luggage are standing next to the train that is standing on the tracks
A man in a tall hat , wearing white makeup and holding a carrot in his mouth walks past a group of people .
A mixture of fruits and vegetables was cut up on the cutting board.
a person is crossing the street and he is not at the crosswalk and a bus is coming.
A lady cuts grapes from the stalks at a market.
there are two skiers who are seen walking down the road
Two elephants stand head to head in an open area.
a pair of boys performing tricks on skateboards from a deck .
A large subway bus pulling away from the roadside in the city.
a veggie sandwich cut in half on a red plate .
a person relaxing with his feet on his computer desk next to a computer .
A man looks amazed at another man who is working on it with his hands
A man looks in the mirror with a bear on his head.
There's a pizza that's cut into slices.
A pair of red and white scissors lies on a metal cabinet.
A blue and white bus parked in front of blue , white , yellow and pink flowers .
A group of people stand around a room in front of a man.
Mattress in outdoor bedroom with mirror on the other side.
A dog in the back seat of a car moving on a street.
A female tennis player prepares for ball contact or is in the process of teeing off a ball during a tennis match.
a woman standing next to an elderly man in a grocery store .
a man with a guitar is sitting on a bed with a woman looking at the open laptop .
A child and an adult play baseball on a baseball field.
a young person is doing ramping ski-board in a green snowsuit.
a cat is sitting in a cooler that is on a table .
A cat looks at the camera while Barack Obama is on TV in the background.
a lone elephant stands in a large area of dry prairie grass.
a magazine with a bagel sandwich, a cup of fruit, and a fork.
A closeup of graffiti on one side of a train.
a young person wearing glasses and a baseball cap in front of a steel cabinet .
Two brown sheep are standing next to a large plastic bin
A man in a gray shirt is playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
Two giraffes feeding from a perch with an urban skyline in the background.
Gentleman with glasses and a set of bunny ears on his head.
a person looking at a motorcycle lying in the grass
A group of giraffes in the wild, as seen from a safari vehicle.
Table check red and white tablecloth and multi colored cup cakes for sale.
a bed with lots of pillows near a window that has a view of the city.
A young child holds a racquet next to a tee ball.
A black cat sitting on a bench in front of a red stone wall.
a person in a hat and tie looks at an object in his or her hand.
Individuals seated around a round table with platters of food and water and wine glasses.
a man throws a tennis ball in the air to serve it .
a woman with an umbrella walks past an artist's painting.
a traffic light in front of a tree that has switched to green. and big building.
there is a living room with a sofa , chairs and lamps .
a giraffe, bowing its head, next to another giraffe, in front of a wire fence.
a red truck stopped at the red light of a stubborn passenger car with traffic in the distance.
The coffee cups are on the table with some flowers in bottles.
an airplane with landing gear down in the sky.
a bed with brown covers in a dormitory environment.
A tabby cat is sitting on a blue sofa with it's legs open.
A silver two passenger plane with a propeller in front of a grass field,
Two model airplanes stand on a grass field
a kitchen with a steel refrigerator , stove and oven and an extractor hood over the oven .
a group of buses parked in a lot next to cars.
two men sitting and writing on paper while two other men stand behind them.
a red train on the tracks at a parcel pick-up station.
a couch and television sit in a room with a window.
A closeup of a plate with mushrooms, carrots, tomatoes, broccoli and cauliflower on it.
the back of a semi-truck driving on a divided freeway.
A large pizza with different toppings on it is sitting on the table.
A person sitting at a wooden table eating a pastry.
a bathroom with a sink , a toilet and a window .
A man with a backpack and a suit walks down the street on the side.
People sit around a long dining table and drink wine.
This is a closeup of a keyboard and earbuds.
A group of people stands above a sandy beach.
A piece of dessert with fruit is on the plate.
a large crowd of people with several flying kites in an open field.
A view from a car window at an intersection on the road.
A group of giraffes is standing on a dry grassy field.
a person sweeping the street off a blue sidewalk in front of metal posts with street signs on them
A couple of giraffes are standing next to a pile of stones.
a pizza with pepperoni, cheese, ricotta cheese and topped with vegetables is on the table
a small group of zebra's wanders and grazes on golden grasses
a train crash from the train trains was traveling .
A police car parked in the middle of a street.
a fire hydrant painted to look like a Dalmatian wearing a fireman's helmet.
a young man wearing glasses and a tie poses for a photo .
A red fire hydrant squirts water onto the sidewalk.
A boy in a purple baseball uniform is in the outfield.
A group of men stand side by side and hold a bat.
little boy and girl sitting at table in sunny dining room coloring and making thanksgiving turkey decoration
a table with a vase of roses, a glass of wine, and other personal items on it
a closeup of a go sign showing the outline of a red person.
A group picture of people preparing to board a boat
Two beds in a colorful room with a blue cover and a bedside lamp.
a motorcycle parked on a sign and a bench made of logs
View of an airplane flying in the sky over snowy mountains.
Cats using a laptop with a man sitting next to him on the table.
The table and microwave were left on the street side.
A man stands next to a woman, both holding Nintendo Wii game controllers.
a bathroom with toilet, bath, three rolls of tissue and a sink in it
People ride an elephant down the road next to a field.
a man covering another person's face while sitting by his laptop
A person under an umbrella on the pedestrian street next to cars parked in the snow.
A yellow sign is in front of a wire fence and a sign.
a man riding a skateboard on the side of a rail .
a man standing on top of tennis court and holding a racket.
a child wrapped in a towel gets his teeth brushed
A small group of people under a canopy in a field with a horse and rider beside them.
A black and white photograph of a freight yard in a large city.
some red bananas and sliced apples on the table next to the knife
An empty bed stands in a corner of a room with an open window.
a woman extinguishing the candles of a cake with a glass container
a smoothie and fruit yoghurt cups are under a stack of fruits and vegetables.
a cow appears to be running while two men on horseback are seen wearing hats with lassos.
The bed in this room has lots of pillows and the covers have been put .
People in a park fly various types and sizes of kites on a beautiful day.
an orange cake with whipped cream frosting sits on a plate next to a book on the table.
a man and a woman sit at a table with a pizza box on it in a room with a piano.
A pizza with 1/4 of it's slices missing.
This kitchen features all white cabinets and a black microwave
a man side-rides a ramp at a skate park.
A bunch of bananas , apples , potatoes and yams on a white background .
a small porch has two white chairs and a gray and white cat on them.
a couple of cats laying on top of an empty piece of luggage.
a young boy holds a kite over a dirt road
a man surfs with a line tied to a mast
Could not translate
a skateboard - shaped piece of wood that flakes off , with a screwed - on part that seems to be out there somewhere .
the tower of the building has a clock on its front.
Several people sit along a dirt road while a dog rests on the road.
a bowl of sugared donuts is near a bowl of chocolate donuts.
in a European village, a red double-decker bus has parked on a street
a black and white shot of a young man outside with his laptop
a woodpecker on the side of a tree looking to the side
A person's arm, with 3 bananas with rubber baths attached to it
A bird flies over a tree on a clear day.
a shirt dressed with a pair of sunglasses and a shirt dressed with a pair of scissors.
An old-fashioned kitchen with a green-topped counter
Two little girls in a room with other people holding shopping bags and stuffed animals.
Carrots , bananas , tomatoes , courgettes and peppers are packaged and on store shelves .
Four sailboats floating on some kind of body of water.
A snowboarder sits in the snow at the foot of a high mountain.
A kind of knick knack that has donuts and other desserts on it.
a woman on a surfboard on each stomach on a wave in the ocean.
A man in an orange shirt prepares to submit in a tennis match
on an all black and white photo we can see a guy holding the red stop sign at a stop sign.
two glass vases, one with a flower and the other with two
a large bus is parked by a curve next to a rat balloon on the sidewalk
a pan filled with food stands on a rack next to bananas.
a bowl of pasta with spinach and meat and green beans
A black bear in a zoo lies down on some rocks and eats a bush.
A large amount of banana ' s stacked in a fruit stand .
Here are two bears, one sitting on the ground the other on a branch.
There are 2 zebras, one is standing and the other is sitting on the ground facing away.
Two men and a woman are sitting and smiling while a boxed pizza sits on the table.
A woman reads a bedtime story to two children in bed.
a man cleans his teeth with an electric toothbrush in a bathroom mirror
red lamp sign with street names
a person lying in bed in front of a small television .
A red-haired man wearing a vest with a shirt and tie makes a drink in a bar.
skier rides in the tracks of others in the snow
a well-organized area in the kitchen is well-stocked
A shop with people seated eating fruits hanging from the ceiling.
A bed stands on white chests of drawers while a stuffed animal sits on the bed next to a cat.
A man behaves like a nerd at a party, like he's going to brush his teeth.
A clean living room with several sofas and a flat screen TV.
a tennis player is getting ready to hit the ball and two people are behind her on the tennis court.
?
Pretty young dark-haired girl sits in a fairground ride and holds her teddy bear.
A kitchen stocked with lots of appliances and a counter top.
a happy woman in a white dress points to donuts in a dresser .
A traffic light hanging over a road that runs between some buildings.
the kitchen counter has a cutting board with chopped veggies on it.
a body of water with several small boats and a large ship docked , and buildings in the background .
A black bear eats something from the dead animal in the middle of the road.
a large airplane is on the runway, with clouds in the background
a flock of sheep grazes in a lush green meadow.
Picture looking inside of a house with an open toilet.
I can barely see the meat on the platter with vegetables and rice.
a fork next to a small round chocolate cake with pink icing on a plate with a floral border , on a wooden surface
A long shot of a mostly deserted street with a bus in the background.
A yellow fire hydrant stands in the middle of a sidewalk.
a fire hydrant with peeling paint in a box of a chain link fence
a child playing with a toilet paper roll in the bathroom .
A group of people are sitting together next to a tree.
a giraffe lowers its head over the fence to eat a snack from a girl
a large number of chairs are pushed together near water with boats.
a parking meter with 49 minutes left.
A giraffe resting on a dirt area in a fenced area.
A small brown and white dog lie on the grass in a barn.
A Singapore Airlines airliner lands on the runway next to the water.
the cat is sitting on the concrete floor waiting for its owner to come back
a man who appears levitating with a frying pan and a knife in the air with a baby who appears to be sitting on a counter
A parked pickup sits next to many crab cages on top of an old boat.
A man rides a wind sail across a large expanse of water.
A man holds his tennis racquet while standing on the court in front of several stacks of bags, water bottles and supplies.
a bunch of carrots held together by a rubber band and other vegetables on a striped tablecloth.
a man riding a snowboard down a street in front of a building .
a bulbous white vase with a single stemmed purple blossom sits in an entirely black background.
People sit laughing at a long round table in a restaurant.
a man examines a surfboard that has a tag .
A man holds a kite with a sea of people behind him.
A row of buildings and a street on a hill that is very steep.
A motorcycle is parked outside in a parking lot near the beach.
A man stands on stage and sings while someone hands him a beer.
A table full of food and two glasses of drinks.
a little pig with a sign in the middle of the road.
A small, brightly colored airplane is parked in front of a hangar on the runway.
A white plate with a napkin and a spoon with tomatoes and frothy liquid on it.
two women crossing on a crosswalk holding umbrellas in the sun
A few slices of a very small pizza with a fork nearby
A baby is sitting at a white table and on the table are a baby bottle and a cupcake with a number one on it.
this is a black and white photo of a white kitchen.
a white plate with pizza, chicken wings, a spring roll and ranch dressing.
A flock of pigeons gathers around a person sitting on a park bench.
The men are playing a game of frisbee in a meadow.
a woman raises arms up so they each serve a tennis ball
Overlooking a harbor with lots of boats and a crowd on the dock.
a group of dogs play tag in the inner room of a house while a man stands and watches.
This hotel room is divided into a living area with a sofa and a sleeping area
People are at the dining table with lots of food around them.
Two men ride snowboards down a slope in a snowstorm.
A fire hydrant on a neighboring street surrounded by trees and bushes.
Two girls wear plastic lighter helmets and stand near a burning fire hydrant.
This cow has found a space all her own for grazing.
a half cut pizza on a plate on the table
A big furry black and white cat is sitting on a leather suitcase.
A white dish of food tha includes meat and vegetables.
This is an aerial view of a nearly finished laundry room in a house that is still under construction.
a baseball player catches the ball with his glove
This guy is skateboarding in front of a brick wall.
A surfer is mostly lost in the foam once they lay on the surfboard.
A row of surfboards stick out of the sand side by side.
a person in a reflective vest is standing on the street near a line of buses.
a man in blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis .
A large basket that holds a lot of ripe bananas in it.
A gray cat sniffs an item placed in front of him by a person.
a tortoiseshell cat sees a butterfly on TV.
a small plastic horse sit on a big red chair in the park
A room with a chair and sofa and several books.
A herd of cows standing in the pasture and grazing.
a woman is watching video of some people on a smartphone.
man made of wood with fruits
a city skyline is shown with a subway coming around the corner.
A brick house stands in the background near a pile of street signs in a square.
an S-Bahn is driving in a station where people are sitting on a bench.
A girl with a black eye and pig tails sits in a suitcase
An airplane is parked on a tarpaulin with an ambulance next to it.
a young man is surfing a huge wave.
yellow truck parked inside a building is hood up .
Person taking a picture of a tree in the snow.
a cat lies on the floor near a teddy bear.
A white and blue bus drives past houses on a city street.
an empty boat tied to a pier on a stream.
An elephant statue in a park next to a road.
a black cat under an umbrella sitting on the ground.
a group of giraffes runs through a meadow in a zoo
There are many bicycles in bicycle racks on the street.
a man holding his Sprint mobile phone with the words upside down on the screen .
A man in a wet suit is on a white surfboard on a river.
two cats occupy a bathtub, one sits and one lies
Person sitting in front of a white computer looking at the screen.
Four young children eat cakes from paper plates on a low plastic table on a terrace.
a young girl sitting in front of a child's toilet, holding a brush.
A dinner well made , seated at a table ready to be eaten .
Two people are walking down an avenue with umbrellas on a rainy day.
Close-up of a skateboarder pants with skateboard and one of his shoes
A black horse grazes in a meadow in the middle of a forest.
There are two brown bears playing in the water together.
volunteer firemen with their truck shooting out a jet of water
a man walking along the decorative wall of a train station .
A baseball player bobblehead next to two computer monitors on a desk.
A man with skis on a hand with mountains in the background.
A tractor trailer on one side of a road and a car behind another car seen in the mirror.
A room with a bed is not made yet, and the bathroom too
two people standing together outside in the dark and next to two buses.
A van is on top of a bus on the same door.
A tennis player prepares to serve by raising his arm overhead.
A pizza topped with cheese and sauce on a white plate.
a blue sign hangs over the footpath next to the road
a man skis down a mountain face following a path .
A bus stopped at the side of the road and picked up passengers
a little girl in ski gear skiing up a hill outdoors in the snow .
Batter stand to the left of home plate while an umpire and catcher look off to the right.
the living room is spacious and clean with leather sofas to sit on
A school bus with a sign saying Fast Bus, with a rack of shirts and potted plants in front of it
Two pieces of pizza on a plate with a knife and fork lying on the plate.
A restaurant with no tables in the seating area, only chairs and a plant.
A bun, melon and a cup of tea on the table.
A red and white bus is parked in front of a small church.
a closeup image of some tangerines in a bowl
a closeup of a pile of luggage near a train
Herd of adult and young elephants walking on the grassy field area.
a transit bus with open doors invites passengers
A group of different sized and different colored teddy bears on display in a window.
A group of young children in green shirts eat pizza slices together.
a person on a mirror and a sink in the bathroom
a person in an SA man outfit with an umbrella balancing on a board.
Street view with road signs and shops.
A group of young people wearing the same gray T-shirts are leaning against the wall and looking at their cell phones.
a blurry photo of a guy riding a skateboard in a skate park .
An airplane flies through the sky on a clear day
women are looking for colorful cakes
a stuffed animal duck sits between two stuffed bears.
a man with a beard and black shirt flying over his bed
The surfer holds his arms up as he rides through the wave.
A dog with a red bag over his shoulders is walking in the snow
A vase has flowers and a candle sits next to it on the table.
an adorable child wading in the water while holding onto a boogie board .
a woman wearing a large black hat interacts with a little girl as she plays with her stroller, which also has an umbrella over it.
A cluster of red , yellow and orange fruits mixed together .
A man , woman and little girl are seated at a table eating a meal at home .
a small plane is parked half on concrete and half in the field because the ground is wet.
Man in mid-air reach between legs to reach a frisbee.
A waffle with syrup , a scoop of ice cream and sliced strawberries and banana on a plate .
a photo taken from a boat with a long bridge in the background .
a parasailer in the distance with two surfers in the foreground.
a gray and white cat sits in the window next to a tiger cat .
a man jumps in the sky on his skateboard
A man holds a garbage bag while many people sit and eat around him.
a batter and a catcher talk to the umpire at home plate.
Covering an outdoor area with a red umbrella at a street market and several people standing around it.
Sparrow on branch , with beak inspecting leaves on branch .
A white oven with a hearth on top in a kitchen.
a black and white photo of two teddy bears sitting next to Nikon cameras.
a couple of parking meters located on top of a patch of grass .
A man with a tattooed arm and brown cut-off shorts looks down at his skateboard.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Kitchen with stainless steel oven , stainless steel sink , white countertop and white floor with black spots .
a woman kneels near an elephant to touch its trunk.
a multi - colored bird perched on a branch next to another bird .
the blue bridge shines brightly in the dark of the night
a man riding a bicycle on a street next to a street sign.
a silver car under a green light with a man on the sidewalk
A basket full of remote controls and headphones is on the counter.
a young man is doing tricks on his bike on a dirt road
A train comes out of a tunnel near a large building
A bathtub sits next to a sink in a bathroom.
dfgdfg
Terrace and in front of a bar that serves hot dogs
City intersection with a lot of people at night.
A brown and white cow stands in her pasture next to a bicycle in a lane with cyclists.
a closeup of a spoon on a wooden surface
a passenger train is yellow and blue, and is standing at a station.
a cat is sleeping on the chair and a cat is sleeping on the back of the chair.
a brown bell tower made of stone on a cloudy day
a group of people ride on a boat under an arch.
A blurry photo of a tennis racket and tennis ball.
A dog laying down next to the fire hydrant He's tied up to .
A train passes buildings near a station
a bathroom that has a small partition next to it.
A tomcat is mostly on the carpet, but with front paws in a shoe, he rests on the pair of shoes and straightens his tail to go under the wooden stool.
a bird perched on a branch in front of a palm type tree.
A group of cows in a field near a body of water.
three men in black and ties laughing at something out of frame .
an elephant walking on a dirt road during the day .
A person with a blue shirt flies a kite on the beach
There are two children sitting on the floor, one is a baby.
a man standing on a snowy mountain in a heavy jacket .
a horse race with a sidecar
A watch with a sign under it stating that the street watch is of the best quality.
A red fire hydrant stands in the middle of the sidewalk
A group of skiers climbing a mountainside in a snowstorm
A large orange rug in a room with lots of chairs and a rocking chair.
Four girls pose in front of a bus, claiming the 1 second film.
A room with a wooden floor contains a fold-out couch, an upholstered bench, a table, a TV and bicycles.
Sign with three lights in front of a building with a large clock.
An elephant is eating grass and a bicycle is next to it
A red fire hydrant stands in the middle of the grass.
A man holds a cardboard sign next to a woman.
A bunch of people with snowboards from a big snowy hill.
a closeup of a zebra grazing in the leaves.
Three plastic horse figures stand side by side on a shelf.
A person performs a trick on a skateboard on a stairway.
A woman is seen eating at an outdoor table with a bowl of soup and a roll and a beer in the foreground in front of her.
A woman in a doubles game swings her tennis racquet while her male partner stands by.
a small pile of old leather-bound books with a pair of glasses and a pocket watch
a lady in pink sitting on a bench next to a standing man in a beige suit.
An intersection with a one-way street sign, traffic lights, a street sign and a large building.
a man is dressed like a clown magician while taking the right picture on his cell phone .
A person's hand holds a guest phone on a Cathay Pacific flight.
a jockey at a horse racing competition clears a hurdle with his horse
a living room with furniture and a lamp in a corner.
there is a man standing on a hill with sheep and two dogs
People in a line around a table with water, grapes and bananas
A man is sitting at his desk in front of his laptop.
Butterfly design coffee table in front of a wall sofa along a mirrored wall with blue curtains in the butterfly design window Entrance to the next room which includes a piano and a television .
a white pickup truck parked in a parking lot.
A brown and a white horse graze on lush green grass.
A blurred image of a man in the middle of a ski jump.
a computer sits on top of a desk next to a light.
Girl wearing sunglasses , dark shirt and demin capri 's playing frisbee on a beautiful sunny day
a bare-chested man surfing on turbulent waves
A man stands next to a woman in front of a table
an elderly man holds a cat on his lap while sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
A high point of a ski resort and lift with people walking down the hill.
Four men are seated at a table with crockery and beer in front of them.
Two street signs on top of each other on a metal pole.
An image of a bird perched next to another bird.
a baseball player swings the bat while the catcher and umpire look on