major league baseball game with Pittsburgh Pirates player crossing home plate
a cat with its paws on a computer mouse at a desk.
flock of birds taking off from water near long pier on open ocean.
black and white photo of officer offering seated bear
a bowl of Chinese vegetables in broth, fries on the side and a bottle of water
The man in the black suit is snowboarding on the ice.
a group of zebras walk on top of a green field.
three women actively playing a video game in front of a crowd.
a bed with two pillows and a woman's legs with shoes lying on the bed
a man in business attire poses for a photo in an office building.
a man riding a wave on top of the surfboard in the ocean.
a very nice motorcycle parked in search of a lot by a car.
a living room with sofa, armchairs, TV and an oriental rug.
a young man wearing a black shirt and blue tie in front of a forest.
a small giraffe studies a steep hill that borders its enclosure.
a bathroom has patterned walls, a urinal, and a WC.
at night, a car stands at a red light in an asian city.
a plate that has one half of a peanut butter and jam sandwich and a small stuffed lamb animal.
a bird perched on top of a banana tree with lots of leaves.
a row of bikers make their way through the narrow street between buildings, and past pedestrians
a statue of a woman, putting something in the toilet.
a man in a suit and hat rides a bicycle
a city bus driving in a street surrounded by tall buildings.
a giraffe looks to its left while standing in a grassy area
A group of young women sanding next to each other holding tennis rackets.
a man on a tennis court about to slide a tennis ball
a skier soars through the air as a crowd watches.
several glasses have a little wine in each of them
a very small bathroom has the sink, bath, toilet all touching in a corner.
a man and a boy are on the beach flying a kite
an open laptop on a desk amidst papers, books and electronics
A view of a city street with several double decker buses parked along the side as cars drive by.
three men on skis fly in the air above a pool of blue water.
a pizza on a table with a bowl of grapes and drinks.
people , with and without skis , move across a crosswalk so clogged with snow that the traffic light proves there is only one , while just ahead lies an area of town with buildings that is also clogged with piles of snow.
a man standing close to another man with his arm in a room.
man in purple top and jeans, in front of four pen feeding cows.
a photo of a bird perched on the back of a chair outdoors.
some bears holding a british flag are in a trailer
a close up of a train on a railway track
a man with a hat standing next to a no smoking sign
a laptop sitting on a desktop next to a keyboard
A photo taken from a car of the mountain with a steep descent.
two people who are sitting on the back of an elephant.
a man grabbing a bunch of bananas from a large display of containers
A monster truck that flies through the air, in a show
Two computer screens and keyboards are installed side by side on a desk.
There is a something if cars are reduced in the parking lot when
large fruit bowl contains pomegranate, kiwi fruit, lemons, limes, and a cantaloupe
an airplane glides through the air, close to the ground
a tennis player stares at the ball with his racket drawn back
a cat standing in the grass near a bird
a group of people playing a game with remote controls.
A cat sits on a desk, on top of papers and in front of a computer.
a man and a woman who are doing some cross-country skiing.
A person in ski gear posing under a signpost.
a close up of two luggage bags with a broken wheel
a stuffed animal holding a Nintendo Wii controller with a sign 'anyone for tennis?
a bunch of zebras stand in a dusty field
the young baby is lying on his stomach next to the book on the bed
A swimmer in the water when a car passes over the bridge.
a table with plates and dishes with a verity of food and a bottle of a baby
A bed leaning against a gray wall near a window.
a group of pedestrians walking past a subway train at a subway station.
a snowboarder hits the ground and is falling forward.
a small bird sitting on a branch of a green plant.
a blue chair sitting in a yard full of snow covered in snow.
a plastic tray that has a plate with food and a cup on it.
a group of soldiers cutting a giant cake at a ceremony
a dented blue TGV with a man standing outside.
a man sitting next to another on a sofa
a brown and white horse standing on a grass field
a person preparing broccoli in a kitchen above a stove.
a table with plates of breakfast food and drinks on it
a tall clock tower with smoke pouring in it's great
a plane has recently taken off and is flying into the sun.
a bird with it's head poking through the leaves on the surface of the water.
an office table holding a screen and a keyboard in a room.
a bed with sheets and pillows on near a window with sunlight shining through the window
a row of cars waits for pedestrians who are in the process of crossing the street while the traffic lights are green, on a busy street in the city.
a small room that is in the middle of renovation.
a large pepperoni pizza and a beer are seen here.
a girl sits on top of a bench next to another little girl
a bicycle parked at the side of a street with a trunk behind it
the man is riding his skateboard around the cones.
a Safeway delivery truck driving ahead of a car.
a tennis player poses for a picture in a black and white image.
an old yellow mosaic tiled bathroom with ornate hanging Mediterranean light.
three giraffes walk together through a field with trees behind them.
green and black fabric attached to a man on the water
a skier poses for a shot on the slopes night time
a glass with a quarter cup of wine on top of a table.
a group of friends, two girls and a man, looking at a wiimote
a crowd of people with umbrellas walk on a brick sidewalk on a rainy day.
a cow standing in the middle of a field surrounded by a fence.
tennis player runs to hit the ball with his racket
a red city traffic light in a downtown district of a city
A traffic light signs very close to a building where many cars and pedestrians circulate.
The woman holding her tennis racket stands ready to strike.
a cute little brown bear cub sitting on a rock by a bush.
a young man with a green hat takes a selfie of himself in the public toilet
a man is riding a skateboard on a ramp while wearing a helmet.
a table with sandwich dishes and wine glasses next to it
a couple of guys dating a chat and browsing the internet.
a large pizza on a table that looks ready to be eaten
a pair of men doing tricks on skateboards off the rails.
the woman is waiting to get her suitcases out of the cart.
a hoagie sandwich with several vegetables and turkey on it.
A man on the ocean riding a surfboard with a sail.
a bus chassis sitting in a lot of gravel with dogs in the background.
a lot of snow on the ground and a part meter sticks out of it
soup, a sandwich, a pickle, and some chips are all on one plate.
a walkway between rows of pews in a large church.
A slice of pizza with a forchette with wine on the table.
a man in a red shirt plays tennis
a boy is running on a hill holding a kite in the air
a pole with lots of flags waving next to it.
a man on the beach flies a kite over the ocean.
people are sitting at a table looking at their plates of food
a cat standing on its hind legs to reach an image of a speed skater on the television set
a bunch of buildings grouped together and one having a clock built into it
horses run with their faces very close to each other
A tall clock tower is above the city.
the couple sitting at the bench on the promenade by the water.
a young man with short, spiky-hair and a towel over his shoulders shaves as a man behind him in a white hat adjusts a tie.
a motorcycle on screen with several people walking in the background.
a dark room with a large uncurtained window, an easel and matching furniture.
a men's watch displayed on a sheet on a wooden surface
a pizza and a bowl of vegetables on a table next to a toaster
a tall clock tower at the end of a street next to tall buildings.
a group of people with wine posing for a photo at a table.
an Angry Birds themed birthday cake on a wooden table
A building that has two Mercedes Benz automobiles parked next to it and a man in a coat and tie and suit walking away from the vehicle area.
man and woman pose with their skis
a man on a skate board in a somewhat distorted picture .
two people standing in front of a fridge talking about what's on it
police bend over to put their arms on a man who falls to the ground off his motorbike in the middle of a crowded street
wide-angle shot of a house that shows a living room, dining room and a kitchen.
a sign on the grass that tells people they are at the Tapton, hall of residence.
travelers gathered around a baggage carousel in an airport.
a man is on his knees, anxious in front of his computer.
a bus driving on a street in a city with high-rise buildings.
A man stands at night next to four dump trucks in a quarry.
a baseball player stands at home plate with his bat in a Yankees jersey.
image outside of a city with the beach and kites in the sky.
Close-up of a cat sitting on a sofa in a living room.
a street filled with cars next to a line up of street light.
Could not translate
a guy catches a frisbee as another watches during a frisbee tournament under a cloudy sky.
black and white phot of a city street with cars and motorbikes driving on the street
a young black child sitting on a floor in front of a television
a young man holding a firsbee stands with a group of young people in a field.
a woman in a long black dress and large black hat walks next to a child with a hat and walking down a tree-lined alley
a bird sits on top of a pole near a dock with large boats in the background
a group of surfers are riding a wave in the ocean.
a jet flies high in a cloudless sky.
a small blue truck parked in a parking lot across from Home Depot.
the street signs indicate the direction and the names of the streets above the tall buildings
a teddy bear sitting on the ground, looking at the camera.
a group of 5 police motorcycles doubled in a row
a car from subway stations to a station, its doors open.
guy in shorts and a long cap ride off the top of the wall with his skateboard
a man filming a woman holding a microphone on a street corner.
A snowboarder is about to jump out of a pile of snow.
three pigeons on the sidewalk munching on a loaf of bread thrown out.
a person in a field flying a large kite while another person watches.
a close up of a traffic light with a building in the background
a young man in motion on a skateboard in a park
a man pulling two cows by ropes with many people gathered.
A double decked bus with a large advertisement is parked near a sidewalk.
A bench near a tree with trees in the background.
a frisbee is thrown in the air above a sandy beach.
a man flipping through the air with a snowboard over a snow covered hill
a pole that has a coin machine above it
the interior of the living room, including a sofa, a table, and the shelves.
the sandwich is in half on the table next to sliced pickles.
a man who wears sunglasses and a green jacket eats a sandwich outside
the three giraffes walk away from the camera
a man holding a bat watched by a crowd of people
children play baseball at a stadium at night as spectators watch the game.
the floor is littered with bags of stuff while chairs are nearly empty.
a young man sitting on a bench in the middle of a green field.
a desk with a keyboard, speakers and a screen with a car on the desk.
a flooded park bench and a light pole behind a group of trees
a young girl holding a toy and sitting on a bed next to a doll.
a photo of a young man smiling while sitting in front of a glass of wine.
a large clay planter with a tree and purple flowers inside of it
two sheep, one looking down and the other looking to his right
a man who is on a water ski pulled by a boat.
a traffic light with a street sign attached to it's side.
two women staning very close looking at the screens of their phones.
a dog standing in the snow with a frisbee in its mouth
a boat sitting in a river with a cityscape in the background.
a cafe with chairs and tables outside the shop.
a girl petting a small pony by a wooden wall.
A row of cookies in front of a row of sandwiches.
a man in a suit leans on a rail near the water.
a man sitting in a window seat next to a tall clock tower.
a giraffe in an enclosure twists its head to eat some foliage on a pole.
a dog sitting in front of steps in front of a 'welcome' doormat
a skier returns and stares while other people stand in the background
a slice of strawberry shortcake on a white plate with a fork.
A group of people wearing white clothes and playing a game of tennis.
a desk with a phone, computer, laptop, cellphone and a bottle on it
a Pizza Hut front desk person and a pizza fan and a Pepsi.
there is a small laptop with a keyboard in front of it
people ride in carriages pulled by an old-fashioned train.
a box of donuts some with swirls, some with cream cheese.
A large fridge is stocked with lettuces, lemons and other vegetables and foods.
a man riding a pair of skis down a snowy hill.
a white dog sits in the middle of a suitcase above a wooden floor
a cow walks down the street with people
a person is standing at a food cart run by a man with a beard.
a woman standing under an umbrella extends her hand to hook raindrops
sausages, macaroni and cheese, and pizza is set on a wooden table.
a truck driver on a road near other trucks and cars
a couple of men riding on motorcycles with other men sitting on their shoulders.
toddler holding a bat while looking through a chain link fence
A young woman balances on a surfboard as a man swims carries his board through the water behind her.
A train parked in a station near a platform.
a dog is lying on the grass and has a toy in his mouth
black and white photo of a man sitting on a toilet.
a white bench has shadows on it and is next to a door. .
a group of people riding skis on a snow covered terrain.
a close up of three vultures in a high grain field
a dish on a white plate containing broccoli, mushrooms and meat.
a young girl wearing a cap and eating a donut that is hanging from a chain.
an old motorhome is parked on a street corner with a cupcake on top of it.
a mother elephant and her baby walk through the mud with trees behind them
a flock of ducks on top of a pile of dirt.
a man prepares to hit a tennis ball through the net.
A man standing near a brown horse next to another man.
a large brown cow standing next to a small pug on the side of a hill
a close up of a person lying on the floor near a bed
a girl who is standing in front of a net and kicking a ball.
a little boy holding a stuffed animal on a bed and a girl standing on the headboard
a photo of a laptop on a bed with a television in the background
carrots are on the stove next to a platter of celery and carrot sticks
there is a collage image of a stop sign and a starbucks sign
a street corner with a person sitting next to a sign saying right of inspection
two trains are parked next to each other as close for a yard.
a desk with a laptop, art supplies, a notebook and a pen on it
a close up of a keyboard and mouse on a table
a man riding a skateboard on the side of a ramp.
the truck is parked on the road side of the animal fence
an end of a small plane on a race track
a man sitting on top of a big white airplane parked in a parking lot.
four photos of a woman in different poses with a tennis racket.
Two adults and a child on a bicycle on the side of the road.
a bunch of people sitting on a beach in front of the water
a red dump truck with a shovel on the front passing a police car
a three tier white cake on a silver platter with white roses on it next to it a bouquet of flowers.
giraffes watch over the man who makes a path strewn with rocks
a pair of men looking at the camera with one holding a cell phone
a tennis player is about to hit a ball that has crossed the net with a racket
a toilet in a bathroom with a box of tissues on the back.
there are two zebras in the wild eating grass
a car alone at a traffic light in the middle of the night
glass vases with flowers and water are on a granite table
a person in a blue t-shirt riding a surfboard in the ocean.
a surfer carries his white surfboard into the ocean
packaging supplies that are placed on a wooden table near a wrapped package.
woman holding the reins of a horse in front of a crowd.
a deer stands next to a stop sign on a paved path.
A white slat bench bolted to the tiled sidewalk, with the middle spiral slat bench seat curled up at one end, with the brick road and residential buildings in the background.
an abundance of cubed carrots in a pot of water with a wooden spoon
some people playing with a disc in a grassy field.
an adult and a baby elephant walking far in the forest.
A truck with two objects on the roof
a plane is being washed on the runway while another plane sits in a distant
a wooden rail covered with snowboards on a snow covered mountain. .
a van is stopped on the road by a stop light and repairs work.
a few people and a white clock tower with a black and white pendulum
View of part of the kitchen wall, with refrigerator, stove, microwave overhead, cabinets and counters.
a herd of zebras standing on a strip of land between two rivers
a person has his hand with a racket and his feet are apart.
A group of black and white men during a baseball game.
a child tries to eat a large piece of pizza.
A brown and pink Hello Kitty bag is emptied containing a green wallet, phone, keys, money, medicine and makeup.
a man in a suit stands on the subway which has its door open.
a little boy using a shovel to clear a path in the snow.
people standing behind a disabled bus while one on looker takes a photo and the other looks at a rear tire.
a man running through a green hill next to wild birds.
a little boy sitting on a piece of luggage in a terminal.
an elephant being driven down a sidewalk as cattle graze near a large castle.
Two people on a motorbike ride on a mountain road.
a mother bird sitting on top of a tree and feeding her two babies
a teenager with blue gray hair wears a blue and white shirt with a red tie
a young girl holding a bat next to a fire hydrant.
a person using a computer that is hooked up to a television.
a young man in a black jersey sitting on the field with a soccer ball.
a stop sign on a post sitting in front of a building
Two jets fly in formation on a white background.
a head of cabbage and carrots on a cutting board
a red headed guy gives the peace sign while posing next to the sculpture of an elephant
a group of men try to push a big truck on a road.
an orange bathroom with a white toilet, sitting under a window.
a room that has a shower and a toilet in it
dumplings are in a bowl and different dishes of food are on a table near small bowls of sauce.
A large 747 jumbo jet airplane taxiing on the runway with another jet landing behind it.
two plywood tables with various fruits which include berries and peaches.
an open book sitting on top of a bed next to a pillow.
a woman in a top hat sits on a horse
a rusty red and white boat on the grass next to a fence.
people are there and congratulating themselves on having a ton of fun out of their lives.
a stop sign with a one-way directional sign marks an intersection.
a person sitting in an armchair with a laptop and other computers in the background
a boat is moored by a river while a boy in a hat and suspenders sits on a bridge nearby
a fridge with a bunch of magnets on the side of it
Flowers are placed on a dining table where food has been served for one person.
the side of a large elephant among trees and bushes
Zebras in a field of green grass with trees in the background.
a small black and white dog sitting on a yellow sofa.
an airplane is on the tarmac with an airport truck behind it
a person takes a photo on their smartphone of two people
a street sign and the yield lying on a pile of containers.
A wide open grocery store, with bananas hanging from the ceiling, has a dog and two people in front of it as well as lots of produce boxes.
a woman standing in the grass with a soccer ball.
people sitting in a room with laptops and notebooks with people's names.
a bunch of people with umbrellas walking down a city street
vintage image of a baseball bat looking out to the field
A toothbrush on a sink that has the words 'mysterious toothbrush' on it.
the baseball player is in the middle of batting at a pitch.
a seating and waiting area with a small table and bananas on top of the table
a pair of glasses sitting on a desk next to a cell phone and a laptop.
a man walking in a park while holding a white frisbee.
a cat sits in a sink surrounded by toothpaste and cups
a kitchen with a pantry and an oven inside it
A counter cluttered with many items, including a kettle, pot, food scale and more.
a woman on skis holding ski poles on a snow - covered area in front of a parking lot
a group of four standing at a tennis net a man is wearing a suit
three pancakes with butter on an oval plate of yellow color.
a man in a bar sitting next to a liquor bottle using a cell phone
a person standing on a subway platform as the car passes them
a cow standing inside something next to a building,
a minim team game with a batter preparing to his the ball.
a horse and another pulling a cart, during the day.
a woman in a black and white shirt is playing tennis
a top view shows a man cutting a slice of cake with some other objects on the table.
a drawing of a baseball player is placed over an image of the home plate
Two giraffes look around while the other bends down to eat.
the red motor scooter is parked on the sand with the sunset in the background.
a bear watches from behind the trunk of a birch tree.
large red umbrella sitting in front of the windows of a building.
A lego scene of a city with a police car and other vehicles and figures.
a boy in a blue shirt sitting on top of a refrigerator
A bearded man with long hair and glasses eating a sandwich.
a guy with a motorcycle helmet stands behind a motorcycle.
a makeup bag, scarf, hairbrush, lighter, a wallet with money and other items spread out on a mat
a bathroom with colors on the tiles and similar shower curtains.
a stop sign below a traffic light in front of a tall building.
two people standing at a table holding a knife near a cake
a photo of a man with a skateboard on a tree
a football player falling to the ground while another falls on top of him
an intersection crowded with motorcycles, cars, and a golf cart like vehicle type
an open market of farm products with different kinds of vegetables placed outside
Various plants and flowers in vases and on a table.
a double-decker tour bus stands out against a black and white background
a woman holding an umbrella around a bunch of people.
a computer monitor and a laptop displaying data screens in an office
corner of the table with the cell phone and cord, two remote controls, contact lens case, and a glass coaster.
The overview of a bathroom with lots to see.
a man in a blue shirt and shorts playing a game of tennis.
a person is on a jet ski on top of a blue surface
a little boy in red and a red baseball cap bites into a hot dog.
a view of a pile of luggage lying on the sidewalk at the airport
a chrome finished kitchen range with a matching microwave overhead.
agasin has a large collection of many types, sizes and colors of teddy bears.
a wooden platform has sheets and bedding folded over it.
a view of a wet parking lot at night and traffic lights .
a woman falling off a surfboard while riding a wave
the meal on the plate on the table is ready to be eaten.
fruits like strawberries arranged next to a bottle of milk
It's a wrap and a salad to figure on a white plate.
a bedroom with two beds, two lamps, two pictures and a phone in it
The oranges are brought to a boil in a metal container.
a window overlooking a forest, with plants and trinkets on the window
an exterior view with a double-height train on the left, several bicycles parked in the middle and a bus on the right
an image of a bathroom with a shower and a white toilet.
birds are above the water surrounded by the trees.
A man is snowboarding on a snowy slope.
Major league baseball players practice pitching on the field between innings.
A living room with large windows, chairs, a sofa, a table and a television.
a group of cars passing under a street sign and a traffic light
several boats on the water and a tall building in the background.
a path, in the center of which is made a pillar on which a clock is installed.
A view of a one day stay over modern bedroom decorated for Christmas.
A surfer jumps through the air in a wave
A young man catches a wave on a blue surfboard.
a table with a stainless steel salad bowl, and a baking dish with asparagus in it
a street sign indicating the road is one way under a blue sky
the street has many signs which are in two different languages.
a rack of bread loaves in the corner if a room
a man on a horse landing on the back of an obstacle.
an elephant being examined by two individuals beside a road.
a group of people are sitting on lush grass are flying a kite
a lady in white tennis outfit serving a tennis ball.
Horses graze in a pasture, with snow-capped mountains in the background.
a large bus and other vehicles on a city street
a person walking down the street while wearing a banana costume on their head
a yellow fire hydrant in the middle of a parking lot.
The bus terminal with parked buses and lots of people standing in front of it.
a giraffe is standing next to a tree as other giraffes walk behind them.
a boy and a girl watch as another child jumps with his skateboard.
a group of grazing horses on the dry grass next to a stream.
What looks like a pale mountain peak area shows other mountains, trees and plains behind her, and in the foreground, a young woman wearing a black and white ensemble and listening on a cell phone.
This is the head of a giraffe standing in a fenced area.
A festive double decker bus parked at a parking space.
a mother and baby giraffe in the trees bordered by an animal park.
a woman lays on the bed in her underwear looking at a black and white cat
Dogs straining at their leashes trying to get the cake presented by one man to another, on a park chess table.
a young boy sitting on a yellow fire hydrant on a side of the street.
a crowd of people seated around wooden tables next to a fountain.
a person riding a motorcycle with another person riding alongside on a sidecar on a race track
a boy is playing tennis with his arm extended with the racket.
a man with two parrots on his finger and a parrot on his shoulder
a man on a skateboard through he air on a walkway.
a young child eats a banana with his eyes wide open
a silver freight train descends the track on a slightly cloudy day
a beautiful young woman carrying a laptop on her stomach.
the teddy bear wearing the pink suit is lying on the bed next to a book.
a variety of stuffed animals sit in the glass display case.
A train runs along the tracks in front of a mountain.
a tennis player with a cap holding a racket
an orange tree laden with ripe fruit in front of a house.
a ball pizza oven and next to it
a city street at night with a lit up kfc sign.
a man prepares food on top of a counter in a kitchen
a group of people in ski clothes standing on a snowy slope
a bed with a lamp, a cat, and a chair beside it.
A polystyrene plate with a hot dog and ketchup.
A bus on a wet street at night and some buildings and lights.
a stop sign in several languages at the entrance to a parking lot.
a toilet seat with many buttons and functions attached
a man catches a wave on his surfboard and holds his arms up for balance.
three dogs lying on a sofa by a window, with a pumpkin in front
a bus parked on the side of the road in a city.
a Canadian baggage cart and handler unloading the cargo hold of an airplane.
a pickle, cheese, mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise sandwich on a plate with a fork.
a locomotive rolls through a countryside landscape with wires overhead
a bed with a laptop, a dog and clothes on it
a close up painting of a hot dog with chili in an open container
a kitchen is decorated in earth tones and is lit
a standard size bed is simply made and placed near a window.
a pizza in a pizza box cut into eight slices.
a poodle looking at a giraffe through a grid fence in a zoo
A zebra eating grass with green trees and shrubs behind it.
a person with several suitcases and open bags on the floor
a squadron of fighters flying in formation in the blue sky.
a couple of people running down the side of a snowy slope.
a number of giraffes near a building behind a fence
a train is riding through a countryside on a railway track.
an airliner flies across the sky on a clear blue day.
a man holding a cell phone while sitting at a table with pizza and wine
many black and white cows in a barn stretch their necks to eat through the bars.
there are many young people sitting together in a room
Three people riding horses on a beach near a body of water.
a man holding a large wooden spatula with bread on top of it.
a boy swinging a tennis racket above his head on a tennis court, with palm trees in the background.
a male hiker is standing in the middle of a road with an umbrella
a man standing on a tennis court with a racket.
an airplane in flight with its landing gear open
Two adults and a baby zebra stand in a field tied to a wooden pole.
A couple of benches, sitting at a train station at night.
a baby in bloomers eating a chocolate cake with her hands.
a trio of women marching with the aegis of two holders.
a shadow of the factory that is on the son's wall
a woman in a light blue shirt and dark blue pants holding a tennis racket.
two teddy bears are sitting on the shore and some water and boats
a couple sitting on a bed with matching shirts and jeans.
a cat sitting on a chair under a wooden desk
a pink mobile phone in front of a mirror and a toy cow.
A woman with a tennis racket in a court.
a cat is lying near a bouquet of flowers in lined vases
weathered photograph of traffic on the main street of a small town »
A man cycles through an intersection with a 'skating allowed' sign.
two giraffes stand near a brown brick building while a city view is seen in the background.
a person performing a skateboard jump in a skate park
a diamond shaped sign is in the middle of the road as cars drive on the side
A woman marking a pause action , while playing with a wii remote
A horse next to a camera in a black and white photo.
A man with a straw hat and a mobile phone in his ear.
a boat-shaped bus sits on a street.
large toilets have become works of art on the catwalks after careful design.
a man wearing a backpack getting on a green and white tour bus.
a person in a red tie and badge with their hands in their pockets.
a tall house with a large clock mounted on its facade
a living room filled with purple sofas and Halloween decorations.
a man and a woman cutting the cake at their wedding
a man at home plate holding a baseball bat to hit a ball with
a man on a horse next to a woman in a forest.
a bicycle parked in a room next to a table.
a baseball player tries to gain momentum on the field
a group of men standing on a field at a baseball game.
A woman on the back of a motorcycle driven by a man.
a family room with a sofa, a TV and a desk and a wooden floor.
a sandwich on a plate with a can of soda and a glass of soda with someone's hands
a dog lying on a bed staring out of the room through a window.
a cat tie that has a ladybug image on it.
a close up of a train on a railway track with sky background
a big bear sits on a platform among the trees.
a kitchen with a fridge freezer sitting next to a counter.
A dish of meat and broccoli is seen in this image.
a guy who has a burrito in his hand and is eating the burrito.
a car on a city street with street lights at night
A woman standing on the page holding a Polka Dot umbrella
a teddy bear in a suit sits on a counter.
a train resting on the tracks with a pile of smoke coming out of the top
a young girl sitting on the edge of a bed near a wooden headboard
a cat watches a bird at the window in the snow
a woman in a bow tie uniform, with a light shining behind her.
sausages, macaroni and cheese, and pizza is set on a wooden table.
a bird holding a piece of orange while perched on a tree branch
a table set with lots of treats in a cup and on a tray.
carrots, blueberries, apples, pears, peppers and cucumbers in a pile
a high-speed train on track at a railway station.
a white and black street sign giving a warning that there is no exit between midnight and 7am.
we see a person going down a steep ski slope
benches under an umbrella among palm trees on the water in front of a big city
a man leaning against the front door of a tour bus in the sun
a herd of wild animals in the savannah at a waterhole.
a black and white cat is playing on the floor with a stuffed toy.
a double-decker bus that sits on aa brick street.
the locomotive slows down as it passes through a passage with its lights on.
a young boy with his glove in his hand is ready for the capture.
a man in a kilt with bagpipes leans against the windowsill and talks on his mobile phone.
a young man on a skateboard in the middle of the street.
a batter ready to hit the ball in front of a receiver and umpire during a game.
the tail end of a red railway train on the tracks
a bed made with a lamp, window and picture next to it.
a vase of dried flowers sits in front of a fireplace.
a suitcase is full of clothes, a brush and a book.
an old red coke cola machine on the side of a building
a man holding an orange kite on top of a grass covered field.
a person walking through snow and grass, carrying snow skis and poles
the clock on the building is visible above the trees.
a woman on a bridge watches a truck enter the river
a man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.
an orange dessert with a green filling on top of it and powdered orange under rest on top.
a bovine standing outside a cafe that serves breakfast and lunch.
a close up of a giraffe on dusty ground near a bush
a dog sitting on a skateboard with the green wheels.
a boy swings around a ball at a baseball game
a cake with chocolate frosting topped with marshmallows, crackers and syrup.
a man wearing pennies and an expression of agony, clutches his nether regions, while brandishing a pair of scissors.
A white bus parked next to a group of red, orange and white buses.
a group of people standing in front of a blackboard
seen from below, a polar bear standing in a glass bottom swimming pool
a person performs a trick on a skateboard in a skate park.
A double-decker bus with an open top with seated people.
all the hard work that goes into a garden comes at just the right time.
This skateboarder is very skilled, holding the board and his hat at this point of his deal.
a snow skier and a snowboarder with a blackboard
a black and white photo of a man sleeping in a bed in a stylish bedroom
an elephant spraying water on its back in a dirt area next to the tree
a woman is sitting under a colorful umbrella on the beach.
a woman mixing ingredients in a large saucepan on the stove.
a person riding a motorcycle on a bridge over a body of water
a complete bathroom with a sink, toilet and a bath
a small chart sleeps curled up what appears to be a table
a horse with blinkers tied to a post in a parking lot
A plate with salad, crisps and huge white bread sandwiches with meat.
A desk with a cup of coffee next to the wall.
a man in a black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard
two giraffes standing on all fours next to one another with grass , bushes and trees around them
a cow with its head being held firmly by someone holding a strap.
a small three-piece bathroom with sink, toilet and tub/shower.
a man holds a Wii Remote in his right hand.
A bag of books with a bottle inside, next to a suitcase.
it's always fun to have a good friend with either while traveling
five kites fly through the air on a partly cloudy day.
a woman holding an umbrella while standing above a rain soaked street.
a woman sitting in front of a cake holding her hands
a sub dumpling sitting on the type of a white dish next to a can of coke.
a table of delicious snacks sitting on a table that are ready to eat.
the front of an American fighter plane that has two propellers and two cannons coming from the front.
A crowd watches as a young teenager takes his first ride on a skateboard and falls.
a woman riding on the back of a motorcycle with a child.
A red and white fire hydrant sits on the corner in front of a tall, Victorian building.
a train is running on the tracks in a forest with several people in front of it.
a blue fire hydrant sits on the sidewalk in an urban setting.
a lady sitting on a bed, as well as a dog lying on the bed, and a cat lying on a chair
a toilet squat next to a basin of water in the toilet.
a silver and red train descending tracks next to a green field.
a garden of various plants with wire cones to guide their growth
parking meters lined up near lit street sidewalk
a green fire hydrant sitting next to a green can butts.
a brown calf with a blue tag in it's ear and other cattle behind it.
a boat in the middle of a river and a much smaller boat far behind it
a blue vase, a colored vase and another blue vase arranged on a table
a small child pointing at a lady with her hands behind her.
a man and children ride on the back of an elephant.
a giraffe stands in the tall grass between the trees in nature
A bus is driving on a snowy road near the Days Inn and suites hotel.
a bird sitting on an orange chair, looking to the right
a man on a skateboard going up a ramp next to a camera
Close up of a parking meter on the sidewalk of a city street.
a building with a clock on the front next to the water and other buildings.
a brown bear teddy sitting on top of a blue sofa.
a white sofa sitting in front of dark lounge chairs in a living room
here is a dog toy and its owner dressed in an animal costume
one of two lane signs on a point in opposite directions
a van unloads it's luggage at an airport terminal amidst a jet filled blue sky
the old man rides on the cart behind the big brown horse in the dirt road.
a white sink placed near a bathtub in a bathroom.
two men standing next to each other in a living room.
people with luggage standing next to a train which is on the tracks.
A man is walking around with his skis in the cabin. A man in a top hat, wearing white make-up, holding a carrot in his mouth is walking beside a crowd of people.
a mixture of fruits and vegetables has been cut on the cutting board.
a person crosses the street and he's not at the crosswalk and a bus is coming.
a lady is cutting grapes from the stems in a market.
there are two skiers who are seen coming down the road
two elephants stand head to head in an open area
a pair of boys doing tricks on skateboards off a platform.
a large subway bus pulling away from the sidewalk in the city.
a vegetarian sandwich, cut in half is on a red plate.
a person relaxing with his feet on his computer desk near a computer
a man looking amazed at another man doing the work of his hands.
a man is looking in the mirror with a bear on his head
there is a pizza that is being cut into slices
a pair of red and white scissors sitting on top of a metal counter.
A blue and white bus is parked in front of blue, white, yellow and pink flowers.
a crowd of people standing around a room in front of a man
mattress in vacant bedroom with mirror on other side
a dog in the backseat of a moving car on a road.
female tennis player delivering or preparing for contact with the ball during match.
a woman stands next to an older man at a farmer's market
a man holding a guitar sitting on a bed with a woman as they face an open laptop computer.
a child and an adult are on the baseball playground.
a young person is rising from a ski board in a green snowsuit.
a cat is sitting in a cooler that is sitting on a table.
a cat looks at the camera while Barack Obama is on the TV in the background.
a lone elephant is standing in a wide area of dry prairie grass
a tray with a bagel sandwich, a cup of fruit, and a fork.
a close up of graffiti on the side of a train.
a teenager wearing glasses and a baseball cap in front of a steel case.
two brown sheep huddle near the back of a large plastic cage.
a man in a gray shirt playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.
two giraffes feed from a pole with an urban skyline in the background .
A man in glasses with bunny ears on his head.
a person looking at a motorcycle that is in the grass
a group of giraffes in the wild as seen from a safari vehicle
table with wheel and white table linens and multicolored cupcakes for sale
a bed with lots of pillows near a window showing a view of the city.
a young child holding a debate next to a tee ball.
a black cat sitting on a bench in front of a stone wall.
a person in a hat and tie looking at an object in his hand
people seated around a round table with plates of food and water and wine glasses.
a man throws a tennis ball in the air to serve.
A woman walking with an umbrella according to the paintings of an artist.
a traffic light that has turned green in front of a tree and tall building.
It is a living room with a sofa, chairs and lamps.
a giraffe lowers its head next to another giraffe above the barbed wire
A red truck is stopped at a red light and gets stuck in a traffic jam.
the cups of coffee were sitting on the table with some flowers in bottles.
an airplane with the landing gear deployed in the sky.
a bed with a tan sheet in a dorm setting.
a tiger-cat sitting on a blue sofa with it's legs open.
A silver colored two passenger plane with a propeller in front on a grass field.
two model airplanes on a stand in a grass field.
a kitchen with a steel fridge, stove and oven and a metal smoke chute above the stove
a group of buses are parked in a parking lot next to the cars.
two men are seated and writing on paper, while two other men stand behind them.
a red train on the tracks at an outdoor pickup station.
a couch and television sitting in a bedroom by a window.
end - of a plate with mushrooms, carrots, tomatoes, broccoli, and cauliflower on it
the rear end of a semi truck driving on a highway.
a large pizza with various toppings placed on the table.
a person is sitting at a wooden table eating a pastry.
a bathroom with a toilet sink and a window
a man with a backpack and suitcase walking down the side of the road
people are seated at a long hall table drinking wine.
this is a close up image of a keyboard and ear tips
a group of people standing on a sandy beach.
a piece of dessert with fruit, sitting on a plate.
a huge crowd of people with several of them flying kites in an open field
a view from a car window at an intersection in the street.
a group of giraffe, standing next to each other on a field of dry grass.
a person sweeping the street from a blue sidewalk in front of metal pole with street signs on it
a few giraffes standing near a pile of stones.
A pizza sits on the table with pepperoni, cheese, ricotta cheese and topped with greens.
small group of zebra walking and grazing golden grasses.
a train crashing while driving on the track.
a police car parked in the middle of a city street.
a fire hydrant that is painted to look like a Dalmatian wearing a fire helmet.
A young man in glasses with a tie poses for a photo.
Water gushes out of a red fire hydrant on a sidewalk.
a boy in a purple baseball uniform is in the outfield.
a group of men standing next to each other holding a racket.
A little boy and girl sitting at a table in a sunny living room coloring and making decorations for the Thanksgiving turkey.
a table topped with a vase of roses, a glass of wine and other personal items
a close - of a walking sign showing outlines of a red person.
an image of a group of people getting ready to go on a boat
two beds in a colorful bedroom with blue blankets and a bedside lamp.
a motorcycle parked next to a sign and a log bench
a view from an airplane flying overhead, looking down on snow covered mountains.
A man using a laptop with cats sitting next to him on the table.
the desk and the microwave have been omitted from the side of the road
A man stands behind a woman with two nitendo gamepads.
a bathroom with WC, a bathtub, three rolls of paper and a sink inside
People go on elephant back on a road near a field.
a man makes a face at another person while sitting by his laptop
A person under an umbrella stands on the sidewalk near parked cars in the snow.
a yellow signal stands in front of a fence and a signal
a man riding a skateboard on the side of a rail
a man standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
a child wrapped in a towel gets his/her teeth brushed.
a small group of people under a canopy in a field with a horse and rider nearby
A black and white photo of a rail yard in a big city.
some red bananas and cut apples next to knife on a table.
an empty bed in the corner of a bedroom with an open window
A woman blows out candles from a cake in a glass dish.
a smoothie and cup of fruit yogurt sitting in the middle of a pile of fruits and vegetables.
a cow appears to be running as two men on horseback wearing hats are seen with lassos.
the bed in her room has too many pillows and the covers have been turned
people in a park flying kites and different size types on a beautiful day
an orange cake with whipped cream frosting sits on a plate next to a book on the table
a man and a woman sitting at a table with pizza in boxes, in a room with a piano.
a pizza with a quarter of those slices missing.
this kitchen has all white cabinets and a black microwave
a man riding the side of a ramp in a skate park.
a pile of bananas , apples , potatoes and yams on a white background
a small porch has two white chairs and a gray and white cat
A couple of cats lying on top of an empty suitcase.
a young boy holding a kite on a dirty road
A Giraffe With It's Head Over The Fence So It Can Take A Snack From A Little Girl
a silver sink oven and microwave stove and brown cupboards
A skateboard shaped piece of wood that is torn and has a screwed bottom on one part appears to rest somewhere outside.
the tower of the building has a clock displayed on the front of it.
several people are sitting along a dusty road where a dog is lying
a bowl of powdered donuts sitting next to a bowl of chocolate donuts.
A red double-decker bus parked on a street in a European village.
black and white image of a young man on his laptop outside.
a woodpecker standing on the side of a tree looking to the side.
a person's arm with 3 bananas tied with rubber bands
a bird flies above a tree in a clear day.
a shirt laid out with a pair of sunglasses and a shirt laid out with a pair of scissors.
an old fashioned kitchen with a green laminate countertop.
two little girls in a room with other people, holding bags and stuffed animals.
carrots , bananas , tomatoes , zucchini and peppers are on a wooden table in their packaging
four sailboats floating on a sort of body of water.
a snowboarder sitting in the snow at the base of a high mountain.
some kind of trinket that has donuts and other desserts on it
a woman riding a surfboard on top of her stomach on a wave in the ocean.
A man in an orange shirt prepares to serve in a tennis match.
In an all black and white photo, we can see the red in a stop sign a guy is holding.
two glass vases, one containing a flower and the other containing two
a cottage bus parked on a bend next to a rat ball on the sidewalk
a pan filled with food on top of a shelf next to bananas.
a bowl of pasta with spinach and meat and green beans.
a black bear in a zoo lying on rocks eating a bush.
a large amount of bananas stacked at a fruit stand.
Here are two bears, one sitting on the ground the other checking a tree branch.
There are two zebras, one is standing, the other is sitting on the ground looking in the opposite direction.
Two men and a woman are sitting and smiling while a pizza is sitting in its carton on a table.
a woman is reading a story of putting two children to bed.
a man cleaning teeth with an electric toothbrush in a mirror bathroom
red traffic light on the cement pole that includes street names and parking rules.
a person laying in bed in front of a small TV.
a red-haired man, wearing a jacket with a shirt and tie, having a drink in a bar.
A skier follows in the footsteps of another skier in the snow.
a well-organized preparation area in the kitchen is well equipped.
a shop with people sitting eating fruit hanging from the ceiling
a bed sitting on top of white drawers and topped with a stuffed animal next to a cat
a guy behaving like a geek at a party, like he was going to brush his teeth
a clean living room with several sofas and a flat-screen TV.
a tennis player is preparing to hit the ball and two people are behind her on the tennis court.
red-haired woman wearing a green tye-dye shirt, denim shorts and a flower lei poses for a photo taken by a young girl
pretty young dark haired girl sitting in a merry-go-round, holding her teddy bear.
a kitchen filled with lots of appliances and a counter.
A happy woman in a white dress points to donuts in a shop window.
a traffic light suspended above a street that connects some buildings.
the kitchen counter has a cutting board with chopped vegetables on it.
a body of water with several small boats and a large moored ship, and buildings in the background.
a black bear eating from the road kill from the middle of the street.
a large airplane is on a runway with clouds in the distance
a flock of sheep on a green field.
Image looking inside a house with an open toilet.
I can barely make out any meat in this plate of vegetables and rice.
A fork through a small, round, chocolate cake with pink icing on a plate with floral border, on a wooden surface.
a long shot of a mostly deserted street with a bus in the background.
a fire hydrant in the middle of a sidewalk
a fire hydrant with peeling paint in a field by a chain link fence
a child playing with a roll of toilet paper in the bathroom.
A group of people sitting next to each other near a tree.
a giraffe with it's head by the fence so it can grab a snack from a little girl
a large number of chairs are pushed together near the water with boats.
a parking meter with forty-nine minutes to go.
A giraffe stands on a dirty spot in a fenced area.
a small brown and white dog laying on the grass in a barn.
a Singapore Airlines commercial aircraft landing on the runway next to water.
the cat is sitting on the concrete waiting for its owner to come back
a man who appears to be levitating with a frying pan, and a knife in the air with a baby who appears to be sitting on a counter
A pickup truck parked next to crab cages and an old boat.
a man riding a wind sail over a large body of water.
A man holds his tennis racket as he stands in the yard, in front of several piles of bags, water bottles and supplies.
a bundle of carrots being held together by a rubber band and other vegetables on a striped tablecloth.
a man riding a snowboard on the street in front of a building.
a bulbous white vase with a single stemmed purple flower sits against a totally black backdrop.
People sit smiling around a long table in the restaurant.
a man examines a surfboard that has a tag on it
A man holding a kite with a crowd of people behind him.
a row of houses and a city street on the hill it's rather thin
a motorcycle parked outside in a parking lot near the beach.
a man is on stage singing while someone hands him a bear
a table full of food and two glasses with drinks.
a little pig with a sign in the middle of the street.
a small colorful plane sits on the tarmac in front of a hangar
a white plate with a napkin and a spoon with a tomato and frothy liquid on it.
two women passing each other on a path holding umbrellas under the sun.
slices of a very small pizza, with a fork near it
A baby sitting at a white table and on the table is a bottle and a cupcake with a a written on it.
This is a black and white photo of a white kitchen.
a white plate with pizza, chicken wings, an egg roll, and ranch dressing.
a block of pigeons gathered around a person sitting on a park bench.
men play a game of frisbee on the grassy field,
a woman raising her arms so she can serve a tennis ball
overview of a port with many boats and a crowd on the quay
Stuffed UN Animals Sitting In A Glass Window
this hotel room is divided into a living room with a sofa and a sleeping area
people are at the table with lots of food around them.
two men riding snowboards in a snowstorm on a slope.
a fire hydrant on a neighborhood street with trees and shrubs around it.
two girls are wearing firefighters plastic hats and standing next to a fire hydrant.
This cow has found an all it's own space for grazing
a half cut pizza on a plate on the table
a big plush black and white cat sits on a leather suitcase.
Meat and vegetables on a white board
This is an aerial view of the nearly finished bathroom of a house still under construction.
a baseball player catching a ball with his glove
this man rides a skateboard in front of a brick wall.
a surfer is almost lost in the foam as she lays on her surfboard.
a row of surfboards sticking out of the sand sitting next to each other.
a person in a reflective vest stands on the street near a row of buses
a man in a blue shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
a big basket that holds lots of ripe bananas in it. .
a gray cat sniffing an item that is put in front of it by a person.
a tortoiseshell cat watches a television with a butterfly on the screen.
a small plastic horse sitting on a big red chair in the park
a room with a chair and sofa and several books.
a herd of cows standing in a field grazing on some grass.
a woman is taking video of some people on a smart phone.
An articulated wooden figure standing in the middle of various fruits.
a panorama of the city is shown with a subway train coming around the bend.
a brick building sits in the background near a cluster of street signs on a pole.
a shuttle passes people sitting on a bench at a train station.
A girl with one eye and black pig tails sits in a suitcase.
a plane parked under the tarp with a truck next to it
a young man is surfing a huge wave.
yellow truck parked inside a building with it's hood on.
person taking a photo of a tree in the snow.
a cat lying on the floor next to a teddy bear.
A white and blue bus driving past houses on a city street.
an empty boat tied to the pier on a stream
a statue of an elephant in a park near a street.
a black cat sitting under an umbrella on the pavement.
a group of giraffes running through a grassland area in a zoo.
a large number of bikes are parked in bike racks on the street.
a man holding his sprint cell phone with the words upstage across the screen.
a man in a wetsuit is on a white surfboard on a river.
two cats occupy a bathtub, one is sitting in the living room and the other is lying down
a person sitting in front of a white computer looking at the screen.
four young children eat brioche off disposable plates around a low plastic table on a porch.
a young girl sitting in front of a child's toilet, holding a paintbrush.
placed on the table, a remarkable dinner ready to be tasted
two people walk on a tree lined road with umbrellas on a rainy day
one person balancer one tennis racket with one main
A brown horse grazes in the grass in the middle of a forest.
there are two brown bears playing together in the water
volunteer firefighters with their truck shooting at a water jet
a man walking in front of the decorative facade of a train station.
a baseball player bobble head next to two computer screens on a desk.
a man with skis on a slope with the mountains in the background.
A tractor trailer on one side of a road and a car driving behind another car can be seen in the automobile's mirror.
a bedroom with a bed that is not made, and a bathroom
two people standing outside in the dark next to two buses
A van is on top of a bus from the same gate.
A tennis player prepares his shot by extending his arm.
There is a pizza in a white plate covered with cheese and sauce.
a blue signal mounted above a sidewalk near a street
a man rolling down a mountain following a one way track.
a city bus stops at the side of the road to pick up passengers
A little girl in a ski outfit is skiing outside in the snow on a hill.
a standing batter to the left of home plate while an umpire and catcher watch to the right.
the living room is spacious and clean, with hardwood floors and seating on leather sofas.
a school bus with a sign that says short bus ride with a rack of shirts and potted plants in front of it
two pieces of pizza on a plate with a knife and fork resting on the plate
a restaurant with no table in the living room only chairs and a plant
a bun, cantaloupe and cup of tea on a table.
A red and white bus parked in front of a small church.
A close up image of some tangerines in a bowl
a close up of a pile of luggage near a train
herd of adult and young elephants walking in grassy field area.
a transit bus with its doors open as passengers board.
a group of different teddy bears of different color and size on display in a window.
A group of young children in green shirts eating slices of pizza together.
a person in a mirror and a sink in the bathroom
a person in a storm soldier costume carrying an umbrella balanced on a plank.
on the street with a sign and shops
a group of teenagers wearing the same gray shirt leaning on a wall looking at their phones
a blurred shot of a man on a skateboard in a skate park
Flying a plane's across the sky on a clear day.
two women look at the different colors of heart-shaped cakes.
a stuffed duck sits between two stuffed bears.
a man with a beard and a black shirt flies above his bed
surfer holds his arms upright as he takes to the air through a wave
A dog carrying a red bag on his shoulders runs in the snow.
a vase has flowers and a candle sitting next to it on the table.
an adorable child entering the water holding his surfboard.
a woman wearing a large black hat interacts with a little girl as she plays with her stroller, which also has an umbrella overhead.
a group of red, yellow and orange fruit mixed together
a man , woman and little girl seated at a table eating a meal in a house
a small plane is parked half on a cement area and half in a field while the ground is wet.
the man in the air reaches between his legs for a frisbee.
a waffle with syrup, a scoop of ice cream and sliced strawberries and bananas on a plate.
a photo taken from a boat with a long bridge in the background
A sailboat in the distance with two surfers in the foreground.
a gray and white cat, sitting in the window next to a tiger cat.
a man jumps on his skateboard in the sky
a man holding a garbage bag while many people around him are sitting and eating.
The batsman and the catcher talk to the referee
an outdoor area with a red umbrella covering over a street market and several people standing around it.
a bird on a branch, inspecting the leaves of the branch with its beak
an oven with a white oven on top of it installed in a kitchen
a black and white photo of two teddy bears sitting next to Nikon cameras
a couple of parking meters sitting on top of a patch of grass.
a man with a tattooed arm and cut off brown shorts looks down at his skateboard.
a city bus is seen next to a car on this street
kitchen with view of stainless stove, stainless steel sink, white countertop and white flour with black spots.
a woman kneeling near an elephant to touch its trunk
a multicolored bird sitting next to another bird on a branch.
large illuminated blue bridge in the dark of night.
a man descends a street on a motorbike towards a road sign
a silver car under a signal light that is green with a man in the crosswalk
a basket full of controls and headphones stand apart on a counter
a young man was posing on his scooter on a dirt road.
a train coming out of a tunnel near a tall building.
a tub sitting next to a sink in a bathroom
A herd of zebras is on the plain in the wild.
outdoor patio and in front of a bar that serves hot dogs
the city is very active at intersections with lots of people in the evening
a brown and white cow stands in her pasture next to a bicycle on a trail with cyclists.
an end of a spoon on a wooden surface
a passenger train is yellow and blue, and stands at a station.
a sleeping cat on a chair and a cat behind the chair
a stone brown clock tower on a cloudy day
a group of people ride on a boat under a bow. .
a blurred photo of a tennis racket and a tennis ball
a dog laying down next to the fire hydrant, he tied it to
a train passing some buildings near a station
a bathroom that has a small dividing wall next to it
a cat has laid itself out mostly on a rug, but with its front paws in a shoe, as it rests on the mate's shoe and spreads its tail under a wooden stool.
a bird sits on a branch in front of a palm type tree
a group of cows grazing in a field near a body of water.
three man dressed in black and ties stand and smile at something out of frame
an elephant's foot on a dirt road, during the day.
a person in a blue shirt is flying a kite on the beach
there are two children sitting on the floor , one is a baby
a man in a heavy jacket on a snow-covered mountain.
it's a horse race going on in a carriage
A clock with a sign underneath that designates it as the best street clock.
a red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of a sidewalk
a group of skiers trek up the side of a hill on a stormy day
a large orange rug in a room with many chairs and a rocking chair.
four girls pose in front of a bus advertising the second film 1 .
a bedroom with a hardwood floor containing a sectional sofa, an ottoman, a table, a television and bicycles
Pole with three lights in front of a building with large clock.
SOME PEOPLE PLAYING WITH A DISC IN A GRASSY FIELD.
a red fire hydrant sitting in the middle of the grass
a man holding a cardboard sign next to a woman
a bunch of people with snowboards by a big snowy hill
a close up of a zebra grazing in the leaves
Three plastic horse figurines sit side by side on a shelf.
a person doing a trick with a skateboard out of a step.
A woman is seen eating at an outdoor table with a bowl of soup and a roll and a beer in the foreground in front of her.
a woman playing a doubles tennis match waves her racket while her male partner stands by
a small stack of antique leather bound books with a pair of glasses and a pocket watch
a lady in pink sitting on a bench next to a standing man in a beige suit.
an intersection with a one way sign, traffic lights, a street sign and a tall building
A man is dressed as a magician clown looks at a photo on his smartphone.
person's hand holding a guest phone on a Cathay Pacific flight.
a jockey jumps an obstacle with his horse in an equestrian competition
A living room with furniture and a lamp in a corner.
he is a man standing on a hill with sheep and two dogs
person separated by a table with water, grapes and bananas.
a man is in front of a laptop at the table
a butterfly design cafe is opposite a wall sofa along a mirror with a blue sheet hanging from the window with a butterfly design at the entrance to the next room, which is made up of a piano and a television
a white guy picks up the truck parked in a parking lot
a brown and white horse grazing on lush green grass.
a blurred image of a man in the middle of a ski jump
a computer placed above a desk next to a lamp
girl wearing sunglasses , dark , shirt and s ' capris playing frisbee on a beautiful sunny day .
a naked - chested man on turbulent ocean waves surfing
a man standing next to a woman in front of a table.
an older man holds a cat in his lap while sitting in the driver's seat of a car.
at the top of a ski resort and a lift with people going down the hill.
four men are seated at a table with dishes and beers in front of them.
two street signs sitting on top of each other on a metal pole.
an image of a bird that is perched next to another bird
a baseball player swings the ball while the catcher and umpire watch